With these, you shouldn’t lose so easily in the World College Tournament. You should understand that the old clan master personally stepped forth to acquire this full set of magic equipment. You must not let us down
I won’t. Not many people can defeat me with my current strength
Speaking of which, is that girl Mu Ningxue still on the team?
Yeah, it’s so annoying to see her around. I’ve never seen such a shameless woman before, still bothering showing herself around despite her stinky reputation. Won’t she just bring more shame to our clan?
She kept competing with you in the past, but what does she even have to compete with you now?
That’s why I’m going to take everything from her!
Mu Ningxue, so this is where you are, I’ve been looking for you
Didn’t you always want to know who I am?
It’s unnecessary to call me mister anymore, that sounds like I’m your master You can just call me Pan Xi
Pan Xi… your surname isn’t Mu?
I’m more like a ghost in this clan
What are you trying to say?
You know the Ice Element is our clan’s foundation. Even though there are a few other clans in China that are comparable to us, none of them can possibly overtake us in terms of strength, and no clan is able to train more Advanced Mages and Super Mages than our clan. Do you know the reason behind it?
The truth is, during our peak, the brilliance of our clan wasn’t the Ice Element, but a bow, a bow that looked like it was made of crystal
Yes, that bow
I don’t understand
Oh, there are many things you don’t understand, but allow me to tell you a cruel truth
What is it?
You’re not the only person that signed the contract
There are many people like you in the clan. You aren’t unique
But I never saw anyone else using it
We rarely let disciples from the direct line participate in it. At the current stage, you are the strongest among those that have signed the contract with the bow. Its power lies in your hands
The day the bow was refined, we smashed it into pieces and distributed them to talented Mages like you. The bow is only entry-level, thus it only suits the souls that are clean, like a blank piece of paper. Don’t you remember how I gave you similar pieces every once in a while?
The color of your hair is slowly recovering. This means you are coming to better terms with the Ice Crystal Bow
Why are you telling me this now?
You will understand once I finish explaining to you. The ice bow requires energy to recover, and the only way to do it is by smashing it into pieces and merging them with the souls of Ice Mages. In order to guarantee the energy is of the purest form, the candidates must be Ice Mages that have just Awakened the Ice Element. When the pieces recover to a certain degree, we’ll start collecting the pieces and gathering them on a single person, to try and complete the bow
So that’s why my cultivation improves every time I was given a piece of the bow!
Exactly, you can think of yourself as the queen of ants. The other ants are preparing the pieces for you before presenting them to you, in order to build the perfect nest!
So, what happens to the people that lost their pieces?
