

A training ground located somewhere in Venice’s canals…
“With these, you shouldn’t lose so easily in the World College Tournament. You should understand that the old clan master personally stepped forth to acquire this full set of magic equipment. You must not let us down,” Zhou Yilin said with great anticipation, fondling her daughter’s hair.

“I won’t. Not many people can defeat me with my current strength,” Mu Tingying replied confidently.

“Speaking of which, is that girl Mu Ningxue still on the team?” Zhou Yilin asked.

“Yeah, it’s so annoying to see her around. I’ve never seen such a shameless woman before, still bothering showing herself around despite her stinky reputation. Won’t she just bring more shame to our clan?” Mu Tingying said.

“She kept competing with you in the past, but what does she even have to compete with you now?” Zhou Yilin said.

Mu Tingying grinned upon hearing this. It was something she liked to hear now.

In the clan, Mu Ningxue’s name had been a great pressure to Mu Tingying for many years due to her outstanding talents, and now, Mu Tingying finally had a chance to return the favor. The sense of being surrounded and looked up at by the clan felt better than she had imagined. She had been taking almost all of the resources that were available!

“That’s why I’m going to take everything from her!” Mu Tingying smiled. Compared to the fake smile she had been wearing all the time, her smile actually looked sincere for the first time!


The breeze of the Mediterranean Sea swept past. The wind fondled Mu Ningxue’s hair like a pair of gentle hands.

Her silver hair was drifting in the gentle wind. Mu Ningxue turned sideways and glanced at her hair being lifted by the wind…

Her hair was no longer snowy-white. It seemed to be mixed with a hint of black, which she had not had until recently. She could clearly see a few strands of black hair among her snowy-white locks.

Her hair used to be black, the same color that her mother had; a beautiful, silky black, unlike the snowy-white that kept on bringing her unwanted attention. Somehow, she felt sad and depressed looking at her white hair.

When the color of your hair recovers, you will no longer be tortured by the Ice Incubus. It will submit to your will, echoed in Mu Ningxue’s mind.

The change of her hair’s color was a sign that she was starting to assert control over the power!

—

“Mu Ningxue, so this is where you are, I’ve been looking for you,” a man’s voice came from behind her.

Mu Ningxue turned around and glanced at the man bearing a gentle smile. He was seemingly in his thirties. Her expression was complicated on seeing him.

“Fate really likes to deal some people a rotten hand. Ten years ago, I promised you that if you were willing to put in the effort, you would surely become the strongest Ice Mage of our clan, yet no one thought something like that would happen to your family.“ The man walked up on the bridge and leaned against the rails as he spoke.

Mu Ningxue did not reply. She did not understand why this person had shown up here.

This man was the main reason her talents were able to stand out. It was he who had selected her from among the side branches of the clan. He had arranged for her to live in the enormous Mu Clan like a princess, with access to the best resources she needed for her cultivation.

Even now, Mu Ningxue still had no idea about his position in the Mu Clan. It felt like he could alter the decisions of the whole clan with just a single sentence. Even though she was not really a direct family member of the clan, he was able to give her an outstanding status there…

“Didn’t you always want to know who I am?” The man smiled when he saw the twinkle in Mu Ningxue’s eyes.

“Mmm,” Mu Ningxue nodded.

“It’s unnecessary to call me mister anymore, that sounds like I’m your master You can just call me Pan Xi,” the man told her.

“Pan Xi… your surname isn’t Mu?” Mu Ningxue asked in surprise.

She had assumed the man was at least some kind of elder in the clan, who had a say in the directions the clan was supposed to go.

Pan Xi shook his head. He wore a lazy, bored expression and replied, “I’m more like a ghost in this clan.”

“What are you trying to say?” Mu Ningxue asked calmly.

The man was supposed to show up long ago, when their family was greatly affected by Mu He’s involvement in the Black Vatican, and yet, this man with great influence in the clan did not appear. Mu Ningxue was only able to gain a foothold in the Mu Clan because of her outstanding talents, and the support she received from him.

Mu Ningxue never expected the man to provide her with any help. He was more like a teacher to her, as he had guided her along the path of becoming an Ice Mage. That being said, Mu Ningxue had never thought of him as a particularly trustworthy person, as Mu Ningxue believed that he had selected many people like her. She would be replaced immediately if she was no longer the strongest Mage of her generation.

However, Mu Ningxue did not understand; if the man had already given up on her because of the Black Vatican’s incident, why would he show up now? Wasn’t he supposed to be seeing Mu Tingying instead?

“You know the Ice Element is our clan’s foundation. Even though there are a few other clans in China that are comparable to us, none of them can possibly overtake us in terms of strength, and no clan is able to train more Advanced Mages and Super Mages than our clan. Do you know the reason behind it?” Pan Xi asked.

How could Mu Ningxue possibly know the reason?

The Mu Clan had always been huge. Even a side branch like her family was well respected in a little city, and there were countless families just like hers across the country. Most of them possessed the highest authority in the cities they resided in.

However, apart from how old the clan was, Mu Ningxue could not think of any reason why her clan was able to grow into such a large kingdom-like existence!

“The truth is, during our peak, the brilliance of our clan wasn’t the Ice Element, but a bow, a bow that looked like it was made of crystal,” Pan Xi said.

Mu Ningxue was startled. She immediately thought of the Ice Crystal Bow that she had signed a contract with!

“Yes, that bow,” Pan Xi smiled as if he could read Mu Ningxue’s mind.

“I don’t understand,” Mu Ningxue said.

“Oh, there are many things you don’t understand, but allow me to tell you a cruel truth,” Pan Xi slowly replaced his smile with a stern face.

“What is it?”

“You’re not the only person that signed the contract,” Pan Xi walked up to Mu Ningxue and said in a soft voice, “Remember what I told you right at the start: the path you took is like a flight of stairs made of other people’s bodies, leading to the throne of the clan. I bet you must have thought of it as an analogy, but that’s not what it is.”

Mu Ningxue looked at the man. For some reason, she could sense a dangerous aura approaching, and the man in front of her was the source of it.

“There are many people like you in the clan. You aren’t unique,” Pan Xi said.

“But I never saw anyone else using it,” Mu Ningxue said.

“We rarely let disciples from the direct line participate in it. At the current stage, you are the strongest among those that have signed the contract with the bow. Its power lies in your hands,” Pan Xi said.

Before Mu Ningxue could ask about the Ice Crystal Bow, Pan Xi added, “The day the bow was refined, we smashed it into pieces and distributed them to talented Mages like you. The bow is only entry-level, thus it only suits the souls that are clean, like a blank piece of paper. Don’t you remember how I gave you similar pieces every once in a while?”

Mu Ningxue did remember receiving ice crystals every few months. Mu Ningxue never asked about them, but simply placed them on her palm and waited until they melted, as she was instructed.

Every time she melted a piece, she would feel her cultivation improving, and the Ice Crystal Bow in her soul would grow stronger, too. The same happened to the chill she had to suffer, thus she had to keep improving to ease the pain she would feel!

“The color of your hair is slowly recovering. This means you are coming to better terms with the Ice Crystal Bow,” Pan Xi reached out his hand and touched Mu Ningxue’s hair.

Mu Ningxue felt uncomfortable. She immediately took a few steps back.

“Why are you telling me this now?” Mu Ningxue was even more suspicious. She strongly believed that the man would not show up without a reason, and would not bother telling her these secrets, which many core members of the family were unaware of.

“You will understand once I finish explaining to you. The ice bow requires energy to recover, and the only way to do it is by smashing it into pieces and merging them with the souls of Ice Mages. In order to guarantee the energy is of the purest form, the candidates must be Ice Mages that have just Awakened the Ice Element. When the pieces recover to a certain degree, we’ll start collecting the pieces and gathering them on a single person, to try and complete the bow,” Pan Xi said coldly.

“So that’s why my cultivation improves every time I was given a piece of the bow!”

“Exactly, you can think of yourself as the queen of ants. The other ants are preparing the pieces for you before presenting them to you, in order to build the perfect nest!” Pan Xi said.

Mu Ningxue’s heart started burning in rage upon hearing this. “So, what happens to the people that lost their pieces?” Mu Ningxue asked seriously.



The Jewel of the Heaven’s Wrath was truly deserving to be known as the hidden trump card of the Church of the God of Aristocracy. The moment it was utilized, the Church of the God of Knowledge was dealt a devastating blow.

To block the Punishing Fist of Heaven that this jewel had dealt, the leader of the Church of the God of Knowledge, Elector Olian Geerteng, was severely injured. She was lucky enough to survive this ordeal because she had a body bestowed upon her by the gods. Yet to recover to the point where she could fight against the enemies was absolutely not achievable within one to two days.

Of course, she could rapidly speed up the recovery of her combat power through certain means, but the price to pay was conceivable. In short, Olian had to give up on this thought after some consideration. At present, there were no talents at the advanced legendary peak level, least to mention, any talents who had hopes of stepping into the Legendary Realm. For the next 10 to 20 years, she would still have to be the pillar of support for her church and its people.

“What the hell did I just see! How could they have such a powerful spell?” said Olian’s most powerful aide, Bishop Montero, who was the oldest among all the higher-ups of the Church of the God of Knowledge. He was looking up in the air with some trepidation—that was where the Punishing Fist of Heaven had just dissipated. When it utilized its final bit of power, it could still reach a distance no more than ten steps away from the clergymen on the ground.

“Who knows? But there is no doubt that there is a huge price to pay for this spell,” said Bishop Garett. “If it could be used as they pleased, they would have used it already.”

This was something obvious. Also, it was precisely because they could figure it out that they could maintain a certain level of morale among themselves and not be easily frightened away even when the army’s morale went south.

Honestly speaking, if their opponent could indeed easily throw out the Punishing Fist of Heaven to smash them all, then even if her underlings were reluctant to take flight, Olian would have taken them away with her and make a quick escape.

To stand up to the Punishing Fist of Heaven and preserve through a battle with it—there would be no one valiant enough to do so, at least not on the Main Plane.

Oh… with the exception of the Void Mask.

The fortunate thing was that the opponent obviously did not have the ability to launch this strategic spell successively. This comforted and eased an uptight Olian up to some extent, allowing some peace of mind. She had allowed herself to accept treatment and thus had been ingesting precious potions. At present, she barely recovered some energy and vitality, but she was still struggling with speech and could only make incoherent utterances.

Even if that was the case, this battle still had to be fought.

If she could see the situation over at the other side’s formation, perhaps she might change her perspective. Because over at the other side, the Archbishop of the Church of the God of Aristocracy was looking at her palm with a gloomy expression.

Within her palm, there was a broken, precious stone. Though it was crushed beyond the point of salvaging, the shattered pieces were still exuding bright rays. Not only that, as the outer shell that made up the divine magic array had shattered, the powerful force that was hidden within now radiated out. The fragments of the broken precious stone, when met with the hidden force that was now spreading outwards, emitted a powerful oppressive force so frightening that with the exception of a few Legendary Masters, no one else dared to look it straight in the eye.

“How could it be that even my Jewel of the Heaven’s Wrath could be shattered…” said the Archbishop with a heavy expression. Then she whispered, “The capital put into this battle is really too high!”

Yes, too high.

The loss of dozens of mid to high-level clergymen was, honestly, not a big deal—other than a few of the high-level ones, the remaining mid-level clergymen did not even qualify for a second glance from her. If they were dead, then so be it. That was totally unworthy of her concern.

But to lose the Jewel of Heaven’s Wrath—this price was much too hefty!

She could not help feeling frustrated as she pondered about how she could give an acceptable explanation to the elders when she got back.

Although she was the highest-standing Archbishop in the entire church, there were still the elders who had very high qualifications and many years of experience that she had to answer to. These elders might not be very powerful, but they had very high prestige. Although they were usually respectful towards her and would obey her orders, a grave matter such as damaging the Jewel of Heaven’s Wrath was something that would definitely incur their wrath. It was obviously unrealistic to think that they would let the matter pass without a few words of accountability.

There was something else that got her wondering. Over the years, the Jewel of Heaven’s Wrath had been used several times. Each time it was used, its attack power would not be any weaker than this time, and yet, the jewel remained intact all this while. Why did it completely shatter this time around?

This did not make sense at all!

Yet it had never occurred to her that, over all these years, the Jewel of Heaven’s Wrath had been used repeatedly. Time after time, it launched powerful attacks, but whenever it had done so, when was it able to remain unscathed? The increasingly bright glow it exuded that day was in fact, merely a refraction of the countless tiny fragments of the shattered jewel.

Accumulating impact from the numerous repeated attacks, the jewel finally reached its limit. Of course, it would eventually shatter.

It was said that back then, if the God of Aristocracy had used some rare and sturdy materials to make this treasure, it would have been sturdy and durable. But to tell the truth, this matter was a slight violation of taboo, and thus the God of Aristocracy dared not to invite trouble. So with a mindset of “able to use once, I make no loss; able to use twice, I have earned,” he had casually picked a random gem as his chosen material, since something was better than nothing.

Over the years, also counting this time, the jewel had been used five times. He had already earned more than enough.

At this moment, the clone of the God of Aristocracy was staying out of sight up in the air. He had seen everything clearly from where he was, but he did not say anything at all, much less give his followers a little hint or some comfort.

To him, with the exception of a few legendary followers, the rest were all dispensable. As for those treasures that the Archbishop had placed so much significance on, to him, they were nothing more than consumables. Even if this were a major battle, he did not attach a particular importance to it.

No doubt, winning was good, but it did not matter if they did not win. So long as enough had been accumulated, then he would have met all the requirements for him to successfully advance. No one would be able to stop him.

On the other side of the sky, Wall, the God of Knowledge, was unable to stay as composed and levelheaded. He frowned deeply as his gaze was fixated on Olian, who was still coughing from time to time. He saw how every cough would be accompanied by the spewing of blood and felt extremely worried.

Although he could see that Olian’s injuries had basically stabilized, and so long as she did not fight against anyone, she would be able to recover, he was still worried.

Olian was his only disciple. Since she was young, she had led a lonely life. Although she was a collateral relative of the Geerteng family, she did not receive any actual benefits by having the same family name. Both her parents passed away when she was seven, and she was sent to the library when she was only eight years old. At that time, she was short and thin, so even if she wore the smallest robe in the entire Church of the God of Classics, she would still be dragging more than half the piece of clothing on the ground. She looked as pathetic as a homeless little puppy.

Wall’s heart melted at the sight of young Olian. He was reminded of his own child who was burned to death on the fire rack with his mother, deprived of the chance to be born. Therefore, he ignored the fact that he had to keep his identity a secret and began taking care of this little girl. Later, he simply took her under his wing as his disciple and taught her all the skills he knew in his lifetime…

That was almost 50 years ago, and that timid little one was now a lord who held command over a piece of territory and an entire church. Not to mention, this little fellow had already stepped into the Legendary Realm. On the Main Plane, this little fellow was considered to be quite a big shot who could cause the entire place to shake with the stomping of her feet.

But in his heart, he still felt that Olian was weak and delicate and still needed to be taken care of. He was always worried about her.

So not long after he was sealed with the position of a god, he had impatiently made Olian an elector. At that time, without having much to spare, he had given her some of his divinity. As a result, he had been haggard for a few months before he fully recovered.

When Sui Xiong learned about this, he had advised Wall, the God of Knowledge, on more than one occasion against such attached feelings. But Wall simply could not let go.

This must be the heart of all parents in the world. Even though they knew that their children had matured into adults and could live their lives independently, but in truth, how many could truly and completely let go of their children?

Looking at his injured and fragile disciple, the God of Knowledge was filled with worries. After a while, he turned around to look towards the Church of the God of Aristocracy, and his eyes were filled with murderous intent.

Within the Sanctuary of his God’s Kingdom, Wall’s original body returned to his seat on his own altar.

“What are you going to do?” Sui Xiong had already observed this situation through his cloned body. From the way Wall was behaving, he could vaguely guess what Wall intended to do. He was just asking for the obvious.

“Create a clone and descend upon Earth,” Wall said ferociously. “How dare he bully my disciple, this is unacceptable! I want them to regret this for the rest of their lives!”


Demon Lord Ship, Wendy Dart.

The steel ship spewing out steam made using unknown technology had run aground on Zoltan’s riverbed and lost its functions.

At the bow.

Prince Uzuku and Prince Silberio both held two imposing two-handed greatswords in each of their hands in ready stances.

Those were swords that were normally impossible to swing with a single hand but in the thick arms of the two princes, it seemed given that they could do so.

Behind them, Leonor glared at Mistome-shi with popping blue veins and the countenance of an evil spirit.



“Onee-sama, you never fail to cause me unpleasantness.”

“That’s probably because you cause misfortune to people. Both your hands seem like they are about to be torn off from the weight of the hatred toward you.”

“In that case, I shall strangle and kill Onee-sama before that happens … Unlike Onee-sama’s 『Archmage』, my 『Warrior』 can’t conveniently kill my opponent just by forming a seal and would take time so I’ll try my best to make it as painful as possible.”

“Try it Leonor, if you are capable of it.”



Although there was enough murderous intent between them to start the fight at any moment, the two Princes still stood between them.

We’ll have to defeat those two first.



“Mother, please stand down, this is a task for us brothers.”

“But brother, doesn’t that look like the Demon Lord’s Egg?”



Prince Uzuku looked at Ruti and said with a ferocious smile.



“You’re right, I didn’t expect to meet her in such a place. As Asuras, we must destroy the Demon Lord.”

“But can we win?”

“It would probably be impossible in this form.”



I raised my sword to an upper stance and crossed the distance between myself and Prince Silberio is an instant.

I wanted to get a strike in before they transformed into their Asura Demon forms but Prince Silberio blocked it by crossing his greatswords.

A high-pitched metallic sound resounded



“Ku!!”

“Mother! Please give us some spare time! Pardon us from acting as your sons until the end of the battle.”

“There’s no helping it. But you must erase everyone who sees your true appearances. This may be a remote region but it is still too early for others to know your true identity.”

“I know, fortunately, we are on a ship. We can probably kill all the mercenaries without letting any escape.”



Prince Silberio and Prince Uzuku’s forms swelled.

Four swords swung down from above me as they both attacked with both of their swords.



“Ha!!”



In response to the swords closing in, I raised my spirit and struck upward with my copper sword, blowing away their attacks before thrusting my sword at the face of the prince baring his fangs whose body was wide open.

However, Prince Silberio avoided my strike with a paper-thin distance.

I flipped back to gain some distance before their retaliatory strikes could hit me.

By then, Prince Silberio and Prince Uzuku had already transformed into the shape of 6-armed Asura Demons.



“So there is a Hero like you apart from the Demon Lord’s Egg. Sheesh, I’m worried about the future.”



The Asura Demon shrugged his shoulders. Blood stained the Asura Demon’s shoulder but it didn’t faze him.

The Asura Demon that was previously Prince Silberio had a cut running from his right cheek to his ear from my sword and his ear was torn.



“De-demon!!”



I heard screams of terror from behind.

Leonor’s mercenaries were terrified of the princes that have turned into Asura Demons.



“The after cleanup is going to be so enjoyable.”



The majority of the mercenaries had lost their will to fight and was slowly retreating.

If the situation turned south for us, Garadin and I were tasked to stop them but now it was better to focus on the two Asura Demons and Leonor.

All right, I held my sword up once more.



“Onii-chan.”

“I’m okay.”

I answered while looking at my cut sleeve.

I wasn’t wounded but it was close.



“They are good even after hiding their identities for over 40 years.”



The true identities of the two princes.

The Asura Demons who consumed Leonor’s stillborn child to take on their appearances.

They were Gashasura and Chugara who had once fought alongside Mistome-shi.

With six arms each, they were gripping 12 greatswords, one in every hand. Their stance gave off the impression that they were great warriors, unlike Shisandan who we fought in the past.

Using my knowledge and experience, I could fight by speculating the opponent’s divine protection and level.

By fighting while knowing the capabilities of the opponent, I could fight on even ground despite having the weaker 『Guide』 divine protection.

However, Asura Demons were the only race without divine protections.

Even during the fights against the Demon Lord Army, the greater the number of Asura Demons, the greater the restriction on my fighting capabilities.



“Being born as Princes, you two shouldn’t have had the chance for large battles?”



Gashasura, who was once Prince Silberio, laughed at my words.



“We are unlike humans who can only grow by killing others.”

“ … What?”

“Our days as princes were fruitful. We spoke to Martial Artist and Philosophers on this continent and participated in sports.”

“We mixed with nobles, drank delicious wine, ate delicious food, held women. Just recently we mixed with the common folk, plowed the fields, boiled grass roots, drank cheap wine and sang. All of which are hard to experience at Asura Kshetra. All new experiences become the strength of Asura.” (TL: Kshetra: Holy area/precinct.)



The two Asura Demon’s figures were intimidating.

I figured that their strength would have diminished after leaving the battlefield for so long … but it was a miscalculation.



“Asura Demons have strange physiology.”

“To us, we find it strange that this world’s living organisms have their souls twisted by their divine protections.”



Gashasura’s words were probably an extremely important topic regarding this world but … I dispelled it from my thoughts for now.

I exhaled and gripped my sword harder before unsheathing it.

Swift and sharp.

It was precision, not power, that was needed to counter the continuous strikes from the greatswords.



“Garadin please concentrate on supporting Tise, you’ll be killed if you fight them head-on.”

“To be told that by a youngster! Damn it, I’ll do as told!”



Garadin shouted with regret and abandoned his warhammer, drawing his sword instead.

Probably to parry quick attacks.

Garadin may be a top rank fighter in Zoltan but the opponents were vastly stronger than him. He would be cut down immediately if he tried to exchange blows with them.

It would be good if he supports by coordinating his attacks with Tise to allow her to exhibit the strength of her 『Assassin』.



“All right, now then …”



Just as I was about to ready my sword, a blast of magical power originated from behind me.



“Mu.”



The Asura Demons quickly protected Leonor.



“Fire Storm.”



An intense conflagration wrapped around Leonor and the Asura Demons.

But the flames did not reach Leonor as the Asura Demons were protecting her.



“What is the meaning of this Leonor!!”



Mistome-shi shouted.



“Why are the princes Gashasura and Chugara!? You guys should have already returned to the Dark Continent!!”



After witnessing the true identity of the princes, Mistome-shi understood how Leonor could have two princes despite drinking the Concealed Progeny-Severing poison.

The two Asura Demon looked at each other in the flames and swung their 12 swords and sliced through Mistome-shi’s magic.



“It’s been a long time, Princess Misufia. The voyage with you was great.”

“This brings back memories, Princess Misufia. Stealing a country with you was entertaining as well.”



The two Asura Demons bared their fangs with their terrifying faces and laughed in a carefree manner.



“Why …… ”

“Now we stand by Leonor-sama.”



They ended with only that and bowed their head slightly before closing their mouths, perhaps to converse with Leonor.

I could not detect any ill will from their behaviors. They merely smiled after seeing a nostalgic friend.

Even though they ruined Mistome-shi despite being Geyserik’s sworn friends …

I was once again reminded that they hold different values compared to humans.

Maseki Gurume – 021b
＊

A few days after Ain became Prince, the issue about Olivia was made public.

She was married into Heim but had now separated.

The reason for that separation was not disclosed, but it was announced that she had returned to Ishtalika due to the separation.

Her name also went back to her original Olivia Von Ishtalika.

Since she was originally popular in Ishtalika, those people rejoiced to have Olivia return.

Why did she separate? And in the first place, why was there the need to have married into Heim? Many voices were raised asking those questions.

For the following days, there was a commotion among the nobles in the Royal Capital.

Olivia returned, this was a matter of course, but the bigger issue was that she returned together with a boy.

Their questions were about the right to succeed and his future.

A lot of matters were spoken about.

Will there be interference against the Roundharts in the future? Or rather, there would be no problem even if they were to be against Heim…… Many opinions were spoken.

In such a situation, Ain’s right to succeed the throne was announced…… and he was presented as the Crown Prince.

There were some who opposed this.

The problem for them was the Roundhart since they considered Heim an undeveloped region…… There were many nobles from Ishtalika who just didn’t like the royal blood having mixed from there.

However, Prime Minister Warren, Grand Marshal Lloyd…… and Vice-Captain of the Royal Guard, Chris.

These three people, highly respected in the Royal Capital supported Ain.

Nobles who had been in the care of Warren and Lloyd also supported Ain, of course.

Some nobles just took the sidelines, but they didn’t have a negative image of Ain.

Even among the Knights and servants working in the castle, Ain was a good and obedient child, so he had a decent reputation because he was friendly with them.

Therefore, for the Royal Family and influential nobles in the capital, no major problems had occurred in any big aspect.

＊

“Hahaha! A Dark Straw, huh!? “

Lloyd’s laugher echoed in the conference room.

He heard the commotion from the courtyard and had Chris report on it.

“The Dullahan, the Dark Knight which can be called of legends……To be able to use their skill, and call it ‘straw’……This is, kukuku.”

Even Warren, who was close by, leaked a small laugh.

For them, they never thought the first skill they would create using the Dark Knight’s skills would be named straw.

“This is not a laughing matter……just thinking about that suddenly happening, seriously…… You too, Katima-sama, please tell us in advance next time.

“Nya? “

Together with her, came Katima to report.

She was in a good mood, chewing on the sweets that she received together with her tea.

“Y-You didn’t hear me……”

“Well, I think it’s alright since this time it was a big event, right Chris-dono? Warren-dono? “

“That’s right. But it would be nice to get a report on it just in case. Katima-sama, if it’s alright with you, can you tell us the principle? “

“Mmummu! Listen closely nya, Warren! I’ll tell you about Dark Straw ver.1, that was finally completed after eight months of work, nya.”

Chris began to think.

Calling it ver.1 means it has room for improvement…… just thinking the possibility of the next version of it makes me feel a bit uneasy.

“The Dark Knight has the ability to bring out a third arm made of magic, a so-called illusion hand, nya. This is a basic skill of the Dark Knight who can become stronger the more proficient the user is and can be called its main force, nya.”

“I’ve heard of it. Nevertheless, I’ve never seen it with my own eyes.”

“Lloyd-dono. It’s already impossible to actually see it anymore.”

“I guess you’re right.”

There were many skills available for the Dark Knight.

One of them was the ‘Illusion hand’, which created a black third arm.

Attack power, durability, arm length, they all varied depending on the user’s proficiency, so depending on how they used it, it could become a great asset.

“And combining it with the Dryad’s Absorb skill, nya. It was able to absorb the magic in magic stones, nya. That’s exactly where the concept of the Dark Straw came, nya!! “

With her small body, she folded her arms and stood up looking down on them.

Although she couldn’t actually look down on them due to her small height.

“And by wearing a special-made nail-like hook, it’s penetrating and magical power had been enhanced, nya. It’s become very stabby, nya.”

“Fumu. Katima-sama? I’m sure it can be used to stab, but then, why was it that it ended up being called straw? “

“Nice question, nya! You’re a good boy, Lloyd, nya. I’ll give you some homemade supplements later, nya.”

“I appreciate it.”

Katima was excellent as a researcher.

The supplements she made and gave away when she was in a good mood were very effective.

They were good enough that even the Grand Marshal Lloyd felt grateful for them.

However, it was a bit scary since the mix of ingredients had always been kept a secret.

“It’s about how the special-made nail is effective, nya. It can suck up a magic stone quickly, nya. But that’s not everything……the Dark Straw can suck up the life force from a magic stone even without taking the magic stone out of the body, it’s a revolutionary invention!! “

Chris held her head in her hand.

What a dangerous thing she has invented.

“Katima-sama…… That’s a bit too powerful.”

“Still, there’s room for improvement, nya. It’s too heavy on Ain’s magic and concentration ability right nyaow. And also, with a strong enough opponent, it can just be ripped off, nya.”

Despite having some weaknesses, its ability was just fiendish.

So long as the enemy was asleep, you could drain their magic stone’s vitality.

“Ohhh! Inspiration has come, nya! Well, your Katima here will be leaving, nya.”

After saying so, Katima left like a storm.

Most likely, she will hold up herself in her lab and do research to improve that dreadful thing.

“Haaa…… seriously, those two. And all this happened because he associated with both Katima-sama and Olivia-sama.”

“Hahaha! Indeed, Ain-sama has grown more strong-willed.”

“Katima-sama should know it’s dangerous to some degree, just tell her that it’s enough to report on it once in a while.”

“As you wish. Well then……Warren-sama and Lloyd-sama, did you have something else to talk with me? “

Warren called for Chris to report.

However, it seemed Warren had also something to tell Chris.

“……This came from the report of a certain person collecting information in Heim. The Roundhart house has been crushed.”

“Then, that’s good news, right?”

Warren talked about the Roundhart house being destroyed.

For Chris, this was something good to hear.

“Is there a continuation to it, Warren-dono? “

It seemed Chris wasn’t the only one to first receive this report, and Lloyd urged him to continue.

“How sharp, Lloyd-dono……There is. It’s about the territory where the port city was, it seems its management will fall under the Royal Family of Heim, and its name will remain the same, Roundhart Port.”

“I see. So, what else? “

“……For the achievement of bringing a child with the Holy Knight skill to Heim, Logas-dono was conferred a peerage. He said he wanted the family name to remain as Roundhart, and the title he received was that of Viscount.”

Warren finished the story.

This rigged game really made his chest tighten in anger.

“Is that……Is that really true? “

“Warren-dono. Were they given land? “

“It seems to be only a large mansion in the Capital. Heim would’ve wanted to reduce their punishment at least this much. After all, the Roundhart is one of the most prominent families in Heim.”

“I just can’t agree with this! Only that?”

“Chris-dono. Certainly, this is something we all can’t agree on……However.”

Chris couldn’t accept it.

This was because Olivia, who had taken care of her for a long time, received that sort of treatment there and had such a hard time.

“Confiscating their territory and demoting them to Viscount…… but even then, giving them a large mansion in the Capital.”

“If it’s a punishment, that I get……but well, I can see what’s going on. This is most likely because they know that even if they did that, we will not start a war. I can see the Heim Royal Family thinking 『This much should be okay, right? 』 Although imperfect, Heim can be called the King of that continent, that’s where that self-confidence of theirs comes from.”

“If so, what? ……It was the princess the one who got hurt, but this doesn’t make me feel any better. I don’t like them making light of us this much.”

“Well, we too will retaliate……I might not be able to say it, but I have something in mind.”

Warren implied to Chris he was following up on this issue.

“For the time being, no boats leaving the Roundhart port can enter the country. At the same time, diplomatic relations have been cut off. Furthermore, the guilds in Ishtalika are forbidden to post requests for Heim. And one more thing……This one is about Euro.”

Among their counter-measures, the one Warren liked the most was concerning Euro.

“Warren-dono, did you have talks with Euro? “

“Indeed, we met the other day.”

“If it’s about Euro…… Does it concern the Sea Crystals? “

Olivia was the person who got that deal with Euro and brought it to Ishtalika.

Afterward, Warren was making exchanges with them, finishing up the finer details.

And thus, the contents of the transaction were finally decided.

“I’m also curious about that.”

“Hahaha, let me explain it now then. ……For the time being, what was decided was the amount of traded Sea Crystals with Euro. This included various costs related to the extraction, but it was relatively cheap. Another point was, Euro will continuously look for Sea Crystals to mine out. For that, in return, they asked us for permission to publicly declare that Euro is a trading partner of Ishtalika.”

For Ishtalika, the Sea Crystal trading coming to fruition alone was a matter of great joy.

And, Euro offered one more thing.

It was to send over some people from Ishtalika to work together with the people in Euro in looking for new Sea Crystal sources.

Euro said they would cover the costs of the search, but in its stead, to publicly announce they had made a formal trading relationship with Ishtalika.

“I see. So, rather than our direct backing, they want to be able to hint at us mobilizing in case something happens.”

“Just like Chris-dono says. All in all, it was a fruitful deal. We can purchase Sea Crystals at a low cost, and they will keep looking for more places to mine them. And since they will be accompanied by our personnel, they can hide things from us.”

“Fumu, I too think it ended up as a great deal for us. And by making public their relation with us, Euro can ward off other countries, especially making Heim reluctant to make a move on them.”

This was a great deal for both Ishtalika and Euro.

Ishtalika also had a bit payback with Heim, so they were a bit calmer.

“I also don’t like being looked down upon, but this is the most retaliation we can do for now.”

Heim could no longer strong-arm Euro.

Chris’ sour taste had gone down a little.

Nevertheless, she really wanted to completely crush the Roundhart house, and to dispose of Logas.

“With this……There’s only one problem left.”

“What, Warren-dono, there’s still more?”

“I too am pretty much at my limit here.”

“It is related to Ain-sama, please let me hear your opinion.”

“……About our Crown Prince?”

“We can’t leave this alone, right?”

When it was revealed this related to Ain, Lloyd and Chris readily listened.

Lloyd had a good first impression of Ain, however, he now was fond of his personality and disposition towards training, and genuinely acknowledged Ain.

“I’ve been asked to tell them by all means. The contents are here, have a look.”

“……Fumu.”

“This came via Euro? “

“That’s right. To be honest, I’ve been wondering whether or not to tell Olivia-sama and Ain-sama about this matter.”

Warren said this contact was made via Euro.

The contents were, a certain noble wanted shelter, an acquaintance of Ain and Olivia……

If possible, they wanted to come to Ishtalika via Euro.

“Have you not heard the name of that noble? With only this, Ain-sama and Olivia-sama wouldn’t be able to tell who it is.”

“I’m very sorry, but they said they couldn’t disclose it unless they got permission. There’s only one thing……I was told to convey that she always carries the flower that she received from Ain-sama.”

“I wonder if Ain-sama had a girl he fancied back in Heim? Have you heard anything about it, Chris-dono?”

“I never heard anything about it…… still, I think we should tell them.”

Chris felt they should tell Ain the request from this unknown noble.

She couldn’t understand who that person why or why they wanted to come here, but it was said they were acquaintances with Olivia.

That’s why Chris couldn’t leave this alone without informing Olivia and Ain.

“Well then, we’ll inform them.”

“Umu, that’s right, since you were the first to want to tell them we leave it to you Chris-dono.”

“Eh? Just like this? “

“Just like this……Right, Warren-dono?”

“Hahaha. You’re the one who’s more in touch with Olivia-sama and Ain-sama, Chris-dono, I don’t think it’s all that strange to leave this to you. And even if you can’t do it right away, our ship will be moored in Euro for a while. It’s scheduled to come back here when the weather improves.”

Chris was the one who was closest to Ain and Olivia in the castle.

……Actually, when it came to Ain, Katima might be on par with her.

That’s why Lloyd and Warren told her it was okay for them to be the one conveying that message.

“Heh… I’m not planning on doing anything?” It was that blood-curdling voice again. Listening to it made people’s hair stand-that eerily sharp voice.

“I can give you as much money as you want, but let me warn you. Don’t you dare touch a single strand of my daughter’s hair.” Chu Lui’s body was extremely stiff; the muscles in his body had all tensed up.

“I won’t tell you my motive yet. But first, I want you to personally come here alone and exchange your life for your daughter’s life. Your daughter sure is beautiful. If you dare to inform the police, I’ll chop off your daughter’s hand; and if that happens, I’m sure she would be in a lot of pain.”

Chu Lui’s heart skipped a beat as he heard Rainy’s endless crying from within the phone, calling for her mother.

“I’ll give you whatever you want; just don’t hurt my daughter. Tell me the address. I’ll head over right away,” Chu Lui frantically replied. He couldn’t sit still anymore. His daughter was crying; she was crying.

“Heh, it seems like the cold and ruthless CEO Chu is actually an extremely loving father. What a rare sight.” The man’s voice had become eerier. “Anyway, come to the warehouse next to the bus stop. Remember, come alone. If you bring somebody with you, I won’t be so nice to your daughter. This child’s extremely small. If I just slightly squeeze her bones, they’ll shatter.”

The man laughed maniacally, and then with a ‘beep’, he had ended the call. After a long time, Chu Lui finally put down the phone from his ear and placed it back in his pocket. He glanced carefully at his parents and then at Xia Ruoxin. That person’s target was evidently not Rainy but him. He clearly understood that going there alone would be extremely dangerous; however, right now, all he had in mind was Rainy’s safety. With every minute that passed, the amount of danger Rainy faced would increase.

“Don’t worry. I’ll bring Rainy back to you.” He walked to Xia Ruoxin’s side, and his hands clenched into fists. Actually, he really wanted to touch her face… but he couldn’t.

Xia Ruoxin’s lips moved slightly, seemingly able to feel the despair in Chu Lui’s eyes.

“Are you worried about me?” Chu Lui’s face suddenly broke into a smile, dyeing his cold and tough features with a shade of warmth. This man was actually not as coldhearted as people imagined. His heart was also unexpectedly soft. In front of the person he loved and cared about, he was no longer that affluent man on the market. Instead, he was simply an ordinary man with feelings and emotions, with flesh and blood.

Xia Ruoxin lifted her eyelids, her red lips moving slightly. She didn’t speak, but her eyes

—the endless droplets of tears that flashed across her eyes told him everything.

“Ruoxin, this is enough for me. I’ll never be able to repay you for the things I owe you. That’s why, don’t worry. I won’t steal your Rainy. Of course, I wouldn’t let anybody or any danger steal her away, too.”

After he finished speaking, he strode out of the

room.

“Cousin, where are you going?” Du Jingtang hastily chased after him. Why was he leaving so suddenly without saying anything? What was he going to do?

“I’m going to go save my daughter.” Chu Lui didn’t stop. No matter how dangerous it was going to be-Rainy, he was definitely going to save her.

“But going alone, Cousin, that’s too dangerous.” Du Jingtang quickly blocked his path. Was he even Chu Lui right now? How could he be so dumb? Going there alone… that was so dangerous. This person was clearly targeting him. If he went there and if something really happened to him, what was he going to do?

“He wants me to go alone. Otherwise, he’ll hurt Rainy. I can’t let my daughter get hurt.” Right now, he wasn’t Chu Lui. He wasn’t that CEO of the Chu Enterprise who had everything under control. He was a father, a father who was worried about his daughter. There was no way for him to calm down.

“Cousin, you can’t go there alone. It’s too dangerous.” Du Jingtang held onto Chu Lui. He couldn’t just watch him do such a reckless thing. Everything happened because of him, he was the one who lost Rainy. If anybody was going, it should be him. He wasn’t someone who ran away from his responsibilities, and he was definitely going to find Rainy.

“The person they want is me, Jingtang. Have you forgotten what I was before?” He pulled off Du Jingtang’s hand, and the moment his hand was released, the crease between his eyebrows deepened.

After he finished speaking, he pulled open the car door and drove off in front of Du Jingtang, both of his hands firmly gripping the steering wheel.

Rainy, don’t be afraid. Daddy will come to save you. You’re not alone. You have Mommy and Daddy. Daddy has never loved you, never doted on you, and never hugged you before. That’s why, even if I end up losing my life today, I’ll be sure to save you.

Chu Lui stopped the car. He couldn’t take any risks. Neither could he afford to. That’s why he really went alone without even calling the police. What he wanted was to ensure his daughter’s safety, and evidently, Rainy’s kidnapper was already insane. Nobody would bother reasoning with a maniac because there was already no reason in them.

Beside the bus stop was a warehouse. He lifted his head and menacingly narrowed his eyes. Then, he walked in. No matter how dangerous it was inside-his daughter, he was definitely going to save her.

There was no light in the warehouse. With the dim lighting, Chu Lui could only follow his instinct as he ventured inside. Because there was no proper ventilation, the air in the warehouse was extremely foul-smelling. On top of the dust and moldy smell—in the darkness, there was an impending sense of oppression.

Chu Lui suddenly stopped in his tracks because an obvious sound had traveled from not too far away.

Clap, clap, clap. The sound of clapping ceaselessly resonated throughout the dark warehouse, and in an instant, the lights turned on. Under the glaring lights, Chu Lui’s eyes were unable to adjust to his surroundings for a while.

“Mr. Chu, you really came. You surely are Chu Lui.” The clapping stopped, and the voice was starkly different from that on the phone. Evidently, this person was fully prepared. They even had their voice altered.

“Where’s my daughter?” Chu Lui straightened his body and stared straight into the murky eyes of the short man in front of him. In his memory, he had never offended somebody like him, and of course, that face was nowhere in his recollection.

“Your daughter?” The short man suddenly laughed creepily. “Where is your daughter? Of course, you should be asking your wife about it… no, it should be your ex-wife. This was all her idea. That’s why you don’t underestimate women. When they resolve themselves to it, they could be even crueler than men.”



With a gentle voice, Lin Ruoxi replied to her, “Minjuan, whatever it is, you can tell us.”

Minjuan gave her a grateful smile. She thought to herself, Sir has chosen the right candidate to take care of Lanlan.

“Sir left in a hurry but he told me that if he wasn’t back within a month, Lanlan will be under your care officially as your daughter.”

“Really?” Lin Ruoxi‘s face lit up. But the whole situation still seemed highly irregular to her. “Is he doing something dangerous?”

Minjuan shook her head helplessly. “I don’t know about that, I’m not allowed to ask about his matters.”

Yang Chen’s heart sank slightly when he saw her delighted expression. It certainly seemed like she was hoping for Lanlan’s grandfather to never return.

Nonetheless, Yang Chen couldn’t understand why she valued the girl so much to the extent where she would treat her like she was her own daughter.

On the other hand, Lanlan sipped on her orange juice quietly as the adults talked. She didn’t interject and had already finished the whole cup by the time they were done talking.

Lin Ruoxi stroked her hair and thought that she was getting cuter and cuter. She couldn’t stop herself from pinching her cheeks and Lanlan returned the gesture with a sweet grin.

Just when she was about to ask if Lanlan needed more food, her cellphone rang.

Lin Ruoxi picked it up and looked at the number before telling Yang Chen, “It’s home.”

Yang Chen nodded and replied, “Why are you telling me this?”

Lin Ruoxi blushed. She wondered why she even told him that, it was as if she was worried he would misunderstand her.

“Hello, Mom? What’s wrong?” Lin Ruoxi answered the call.

“Ruoxi, you’re with Yang Chen right?”

“Yeah, we just finished dinner. Mom, I have to tell you something…”

“Now’s not the time for that. Hui Lin’s back and the famous director, Yu Shuo is here too. He wants to discuss something with you guys.” Guo Xuehua sounded cheerful.

It didn’t sound like a bad thing so Lin Ruoxi relayed the message to Yang Chen.

“Hui Lin’s back? Her tour’s over?” Yang Chen asked.

Lin Ruoxi counted the dates and replied to him, “I think so. I remember that her concert’s in Japan and the USA were canceled due to some conflict of interest.”

Yang Chen nodded his head, he saw the news occasionally and they did mention the conflict between Japan, USA, and China over the territorial waters. It wasn’t suitable for Hui Lin to have concert tours there since she was one of the most popular artists in China.

This was trivial news to him. As long as war did not break out, there was nothing for him to worry about.

He would be happier if a war were to break out. After all, he had stocked up lots of weaponry that would come in handy. Yang Chen could earn a lot of money with it and as long as he wasn’t involved in the war, he wouldn’t mind the idea of it.

Minjuan sounded excited. “Really? Miss Hui Lin? The singer?”

Lin Ruoxi nodded. “You know her too?”

“Of course I do! I thought she looked very familiar the last time I saw her but I couldn’t believe my eyes. I thought about it when I got home and I realized Miss Lin’s the president of Yu Lei International and Miss Hui Lin’s from the Yu Lei Entertainment! I regret not asking for her signature!” Minjuan became teary-eyed at the thought of it. “When she sings sad songs, it reminds me of the time when I was back at home and it made me cry a lot.”

Lin Ruoxi exchanged glances with Yang Chen. They didn’t know Hui Lin was so popular that even a nanny knew her songs.

“I’ll ask her to sign for you when we get back. But promise to not make it awkward for her. She’s part of our family.” Yang Chen chuckled.

Minjuan nodded hurriedly. She already felt blessed enough to be able to meet her idol.

It took them nearly forty minutes to reach home because of the traffic jam.

When they entered the villa, Guo Xuehua and Wang Ma were already chatting away with Director Yu Shuo in the living room. On the other hand, Hui Lin was chatting and giggling with Zhenxiu.

Even though the semester had already commenced, they were still undergoing military training. Since Zhenxiu stayed in Zhonghai, she only needed to attend the training during the day and then return home at night.

Yang Chen was reminded that he didn’t even visit her university when the semester had already commenced. She took care of everything herself and as her ‘guardian’, he should really check on her soon. She might get bullied by others like last time since she was so gullible.

Guo Xuehua and others were surprised to see them, they didn’t expect to see Lanlan and her nanny, Minjuan again so soon.

Guo Xuehua was especially surprised, throwing a confused glance at Yang Chen. She hasn’t met Lanlan yet as she was in Beijing the last time Lanlan was here.

Yang Chen shook hands with the director and Lin Ruoxi gave him a simple nod as a greeting before sitting down together.

Yu Shuo thought their reaction towards the little girl’s appearance was a bit weird but he didn’t say anything about it. He grinned and said, “Please forgive me for visiting at night. I didn’t want to miss out on a good opportunity like this so I came here to talk about a movie collaboration.”

Yang Chen remembered this. He wanted to film a movie about deities and warriors. Yu Shuo was awarded the best director award in the Cannes and Tokyo Film Festival, so naturally his movies would receive a ton of recognition.

“Director Yu, do you wish to have Hui Er in the movie?”

“How did you know that, Mr Yang? You’re right. I’ve been busy trying to cast the female lead character and Miss Lin Hui is the most suitable one by far. But she’s been busy with her world tours so when I heard that her tours in Japan and the USA had been canceled, I came over immediately. Miss Lin Hui said I didn’t have to go through the agency, she only needs both of your approval,” Yu Shuo said.

Yang Chen looked at Hui Lin and asked with a smile, “Do you like acting in movies? It’s all up to you.”

Hui Lin blinked and hesitated before saying, “I’m not professionally trained and I don’t know how movies work. I’m afraid I’ll mess things up.”

“I watched your concert and you are already halfway there. You just need to channel it towards your character. Besides, your aura matches the main character, I’m sure it’ll go smoothly!” Yu Shuo persuaded her.

Hui Lin struggled to answer and tossed a helpless glance towards Lin Ruoxi.

Lin Ruoxi voiced up, “If that’s the case, it would be best to accept. I’m sure he won’t blame you even if it doesn’t work out.”

“Yeah.” Yang Chen nodded. “But let me be frank with you. I expect decent compensation for this.”

Lin Ruoxi rolled her eyes at him. Things hadn’t been settled yet and he was already talking about the pay.

Yu Shuo smiled bitterly. Based on her popularity, he knew he couldn’t give her a basic payout. He wouldn’t dare to invite her without a minimum pay of at least ten million dollars.

After a simple discussion, it was finally settled and the contract could be signed after the details were discussed with the agency. The filming for the movie was scheduled to start in the mid of September so Hui Lin still had time to prepare and familiarize herself with the script.

Once Yu Shuo had left, Guo Xuehua who had been quiet this whole time couldn’t hold it in anymore. “Yang Chen, Ruoxi, whose child is this?”

Back when the adults were talking, Lanlan sat on Minjuan’s lap obediently. She stroked her full belly and dozed off, having eaten a full meal.

Wang Ma explained it to her while the others sat quietly. “Xuehua, her name is Lanlan. You didn’t know this because you weren’t around at that time. Miss is going to adopt her.”

“Adopt her?!” Guo Xuehua’s jaw fell.

Guo Xuehua sounded troubled after hearing the whole story from Wang Ma. “Ruoxi, this doesn’t seem like a good idea. You’re still young and you’ve only been married for less than two years. People will gossip if you adopt a five-year-old kid before giving birth to your own.”



“President Huo, sir, we have found Dr. Wu An. He got knocked out in the dressing room, naked,” reported the two bodyguards hurriedly.

“UGH!” Huo Yunting got up, raised his one arm and launched his fist into the wall violently. “PRINT OUT. The visual. Of this stranger. Now!”

“Yes, sir!” The security quickly prompted the printer and handed over the photos to Huo Li and his men.

“Send this to Huo Chen too.” A copy was also mailed to Huo Chen to maximize the use of the scarce time they had.

Huo Chen immediately ordered Song Shou to inform police stations across the nation while demanding them to block all routes connected to the Capital for inspection.

Well, that one person who took the baby away was instantly found within an hour.

“According to the report newly lodged at the police, there is apparently a body of a man found at the abandoned garden near the hospital.” Huo Chen continued reading the report on his tablet, “And from what they have discovered, the man appears to be the one who kidnapped Huo Ran in the first place. More importantly, he’s a man working under Xiang Jinxi!”

“…” Huo Yunting, grinding his teeth, frowned as he crossed his fingers.

Looks like Xiang Jinxi is serious about his last words…

“Any news on my daughter?”

“No…” Huo Chen sounded grave, “Based on the signs found, he was not the only one at the scene. Perhaps, at least one more person is involved in the crime scene and they had a conflict, during which this man was murdered. Given how the man died on a rather similar timing with Xiang Jinxi, we can infer that it shouldn’t be Xiang Jinxi’s man but someone he worked with, who took Huo Ran away.”

That someone, upon knowing Xiang Jinxi was dead, killed his man and left with the child.

Clearly.

“Someone he worked with?” Huo Yunting was calm despite the agitation brewing inside him. “Who else other than Eric?” He muttered.

Impossible. If that’s anyone from a force associated with Xiang Jinxi, no way I wouldn’t have known that. I have thoroughly inspected all his associates! Unless…

Right! Unless…

“That person is either someone who is anonymous, completely non-existent in our lives or someone whom Xiang Jinxi assigned a long time ago,” inferred Huo Yunting before taking a deep breath with bloodthirstiness in his eyes, “And that person has some issues with us, hates me so much that he or she insisted on taking the child away even after Xiang Jinxi is known to be dead.”

“Right,” Huo Chen nodded approvingly, “Just be careful.”

“I’ll be waiting. Hmph, if that person ever shows up before me, I’ll make sure they’d be shredded into a million pieces.” He cracked his knuckles loud like his words.

You dare touch my daughter, you better be prepared because it’ll be an expensive price to pay. Try me!

He then called Huo Li from time to time to seek updates on the search while his mind was plotting a master plan to avenge his daughter.

Yet, heaven forbid…

Days passed and nothing was found.

The person who eventually took Huo Ran away was nowhere to be found. That person did not seem to intend to announce their presence and motive either.

As if a child trafficker, the person had disappeared with the child.

Huo Yunting was furious as he impatiently tapped his cigarette, checking out the phone every 5 minute that lapsed like weeks to him. “Take more men with you, Huo Li, I don’t care if you have to blow up the entire Capital, I want my daughter back.”

“Yes, Brother Ting, would love to do that but we can’t find anything at the moment…”

The pen in Huo Yunting’s grip snapped. Huo Yunting smashed his fist into the wall again. Blood was oozing out of his knuckle yet Huo Yunting did not feel the pain. He was more distracted by the situation.

The once-alpha on the dark horse seemed to have lost the confident glow in his eyes as he tasted defeat. His hair tousled in misery. His lips paled in worry.



Lin Ruoxi followed Cai Yan’s words and had a chill run down her spine. She was frail and tackless. Tailing an international human trafficking organization was no small feat considering the kind of experience and weapons they might own!

But the thought of that defenseless little blue-dressed girl in the van fueled her with adrenaline as she stomped on the accelerator pedal and sped off after the van.

The driver of the bakery van was a dark-skinned man, scruffy and sturdy, wearing a white singlet and a silver necklace.

A glance at the rear-mirror prompted the sturdy man, with heavily accented English, to declare, “Spider, somebody’s following us.”

‘Spider’ was the yellow-haired, stone-faced woman who was currently watching Lanlan suck on the lollipop by her side. She reactively bobbed herself up from the seat to take a good look behind them, which she then whistled. “Wow. A Bentley. Must be someone of importance. I’m guessing it’s a woman seeing as it’s painted a rosy red.”

“Should we take her too?” The sturdy man grinned, exposing his yellowing teeth in the process. “A little extra goes a long way.”

Spider chuckled as she said, “Who would have thought that a little sheep would give herself to us on our way back? This has to be the best return trip we’ve had. Isn’t that right, Black Panther?”

“It’s a pity that we have to depart from Zhonghai tomorrow. Interpol are on to us and we cannot afford to loiter any longer,” Black Panther replied with slight pity.

“Boss is such a pussy sometimes. If it had been just the Chinese police, I reckon we could shoot them up and end it fast. Even Interpol can’t catch us. If not, they would have done so at Hormuz Strait!” Spider was defiant.

“There’s a reason Python is our boss. I trust that he has a good reason for our early departure.” Black Panther giggled. “But today’s catch is a pretty way to end our operations!”

He then took a sharp turn and steered the van down the nearest junction!

Lanlan heard them speak in English. Curious, her bubbly eyes yearning for answers, she took to ask, “Auntie, what are they talking about?”

Spider grinned as she replied, “It’s the dialect from my hometown, Lanlan wouldn’t know.”

“Oh.” Lanlan added, “Does Mommy speak it too?”

“Of course she does, Mommy knows everything.”

Closely by their tail was Lin Ruoxi, who took a sharp turn to follow in suit. She was deeply anxious about the situation that was about to unfold.

Cai Yan clearly assumed that they were going to stick to the highway and did not think to set up hiding posts anywhere else.

Lin Ruoxi was done contemplating as she quickly followed suit, simultaneously updating Cai Yan through the phone call regarding her current location.

Cai Yan, on the other end, got the news about their sudden detour as she anxiously warned, “Ruoxi take care to not let them notice you. I’m afraid something might happen to you. I’m not sure how I’m supposed to put this but I also wouldn’t want to lose the precious lead. Oh my god!”

Lin Ruoxi at that moment was contrastingly level headed as she reassured, “Yanyan, just try to arrange everything as soon as possible. I’ll constantly update you with their most recent whereabouts. Right now I can roughly identify two adults in the van. I can still drive off if they do notice me though.”

Cai Yan was stuck at the moment. She hastily commanded the convergence of the police deployments based on Lin Ruoxi’s phone connection, making sure her forces made it to Lin Ruoxi as soon as possible.

The van steered straight for the next ten minutes or so, before their eventual arrival at the outskirts of East Zhonghai. The area was mainly populated with old factories and polluted walkways.

When they ventured into a narrow cement strip with factory buildings on both sides, Lin Ruoxi noticed that there was something ominous in their route.

She figured that she had made a grave miscalculation. She had been led into an abandoned side of the city!

Recallibrating her state of mind, Lin Ruoxi’s soul froze, as cold sweat trickled down her forehead.

Before she could decipher her next move, the van before her stopped before a factory building!

Lin Ruoxi had her mind preoccupied on leading the little girl to safety, but now she instead led herself right into a trap!

In the split second of thought, she opted to first leave the district and come back with Cai Yan and her force as a back up.

The Bentley came to a halt as Lin Ruoxi slammed onto the breaks.

But while she was making her way out, the yellow-haired Spider and the sturdy Black Panther hopped off the van and smirked at her direction.

Standing more than ten meters away, Black Panther withdrew a silenced pistol from his back and aimed at the Bentley.

BANG BANG!

Before Lin Ruoxi could make steer her car out of the way, the bullets from the gun had pierced through a front and a rear tire!

“Ahh!”

Lin Ruoxi reactively screamed from fright. She paled at the thought of what was about to happen. She did not anticipate that the opposing side would fire at her car to deter her escape. I’ve made a mistake. Why wouldn’t international human traffickers bring guns with them?! she thought.

At that moment, Lanlan hurled herself out the van and gazed at the red Bentley, then turned to Black Panther with the pistol. “Why’d you shoot at that auntie that looks just like my mommy?!”

Spider and Black Panther stared in surprise at Lanlan who was by their side against their will. They wouldn’t expect a child her age to be so unfazed by the gunshots.

Nonetheless, the two ignored the child as her presence was one that they were not concerned with right now. Products were just products after all.

“Go get the woman,” Black Panther demanded.

Spider sneered at him before she nodded and went towards the Bentley.

Lin Ruoxi noticed the warning signals activate as an aftermath of her punctured tires. To make matters worse, there was no signal in the area, making it impossible to call for help!

“Come out, I won’t hurt you so don’t worry. I wouldn’t want to make you a damaged good after all.” Spider had a sinister grin as she forced the doors open.

Lin Ruoxi bit on her lower lip, her eyes filled with determination. Every second she spent breathing was another second stalled until help arrived.

Comforting herself from within, she abidingly followed Spider’s requests and made her way out of the car.

The factory gates were opened before several fierce-looking men and women emerged from within.

The leader was a brawny man with curly hair, slightly darker skin. He stuck his head out to observe the situation before he demanded, “Black Panther, I specifically remember asking you to retrieve some equipment. Might I inquire why these two women are here?”

Black Panther cleared the air. “Python, don’t you think we can get a good price for the girl? I think the lady in the Bentley would fetch a pretty amount as well.”

“Hmph, the scheduled interception is already in place by the port, you’re lucky we didn’t have to delay any further.” Python then directed the two subordinates by his side. “Grab the little one and the woman and toss them both into the cage.”

Two towering men took to obey his orders, one walking towards Lanlan and the other towards Lin Ruoxi standing right behind Spider.

Right at that moment, a dull voice resonated from the beams of the ceiling.

“It’s best if you leave her be. This is not a fight which you would want to pick.”

“Who is it?” Python and Black Panther along with the other crewmates quickly turned their heads upwards.

A suave Caucasian man with brown curly hair did a backflip mid-air before descending effortlessly from six, seven meters above.

“The Red Triangle from Northern Africa. Seen in South East Asia, the Middle East, and Africa trafficking about five years ago. The first person to take up the mantle of leader was the Black Widow, who was sentenced to death by the Pentagon about two years ago. Since then, the organization was headed by the second in command, Python.

“Current core members include Black Panther, Nile Crocodile, the Mummy, Spider, and Jackal. Tell me, is my information precise?” the Caucasian man proudly taunted.

Everyone in attendance was terrified. As a top-secret international crime organization, their worst fear was to have an outsider pinpoint their details down the microscopic. Who exactly was the intruder?!

Lanlan was intrigued as her pupils widened, but on her omnipresent pouting lips were twitches of dispiritment, seemingly aware that she was misled.

Lin Ruoxi was overjoyed as she instantly recognized the familiar face from Gao Guoxiong’s mercenary crisis when Molin captained the Sea Eagles to help!

She quickly associated his presence to Yang Chen’s prior assignment of the Sea Eagles as her private bodyguards. She felt a surge of comfort knowing that he had not left her to fend for herself.

Python winced as he rebuked, “Who are you? If you’re in the same field, you should know the rules.”

“My name’s Molin Klaus. Unfortunately for you, we do not share the same sentiments.” Molin smirked, before retrieving a gold plated emblem from his breast pocket. On the emblem was a lively stamp of a blue eagle taking flight.

Upon noticing the badge, Python and Black Panther alongside their entire squad were left horrified.

“Sea Eagles…?!”

Anyone living in the shady side of the world was familiar with the name and the emblem. To know them was to fear them, to see them was to know death!

Excluding the group Sand Storm who had recently risen in the Middle East, practically no mercenary on the planet could leech in on any benefits from the Sea Eagles! As the publicly renowned ace for the past decade, they were now well known to pledge loyalty to one person and one person only!

“So what if you’re among the Sea Eagles! You are greatly outnumbered by two dozens to one! I’ll make sure to wipe your existence from the face of the Earth!” Spider taunted.

The 21 underlings with tattoos on their faces were all Rank One underlings. Not everyone would have been able to nurture them. Not everyone would be willing to spend resources training them either.

Rank Ones had their own willpower. Almost one-third of the Rank Ones in the Luniverse were free. After living for a long time, they were not willing to be restricted by their families

It was possible for someone to gather 21 Rank Ones, but it would be far too difficult to train 21 Rank One underlings.

Lu Shu had been thinking about whether someone would take this opportunity while he was weakened to harm him. He had used up his aurablades, and the enemy had just appeared. This meant that this had been planned in advance.

The mantis catches a cicada, but a finch lurks behind.

Who was behind this? Had Duanmu Huangqi calculated this?

Lu Shu suddenly felt that a ferocious-looking person, who had been lurking in the shadows of the vortex of authority, was about to reveal themselves.

They stood facing each other. Lu Shu suddenly took half a step forward. The 21 people who had been standing in an unorganized manner, suddenly changed into a strange formation. It was as if every move they took was to target Lu Shu.

Lu Shu carefully looked at them. They had formed three small formations of seven people each, with three people as the axis of each formation.

It was as if they had been training for this formation in order to defeat a few people with many men!

This was slightly strange. These 21 people had trained in this formation in order to kill one person. It was as if they were using a cannon to kill a mosquito. What were they planning? Was this not a waste?

Lu Shu walked two more steps. The formation changed once again. Lu Shu could not understand. This time, it was still a formation aimed at attacking one person.

Wait. This was used to kill masters right. Were they using it on him? They thought very highly of him!

But Lu Shu’s momentum was at its peak. Although he had used up his aurablade, and the outside world had assumed that he was exhausted, he knew that his foundation was not the invisible aurablade. It was the celestial map!

When the third level materialized, he obtained the Sparrow Shade. After the fourth level, Lu Shu had not used it. But how was it possible that there were no new weapons when he achieved a new level?

The sword of the fourth level that represented fear was called the Seizing Thief.

At that moment, the red Seizing Thief quietly stood on the primary star of the fourth Nebula. To Lu Shu’s surprise, a hand held sword had appeared this time.

In the past, no matter whether it was Corpsedog, Concealed Arrow, or Sparrow Shade, they were all flying swords. Furthermore, Seizing Thief was much longer than he had expected. The blade had a streamlined shape. It burned in red flames. It seemed as if the handle of the sword was also formed from flames.

Although it was slender, it had explosive tyranny.

Needless to say, the Seizing Thief had a timely appearance. Lu Shu’s current physique was unparalleled by those of the same rank as him. He was even two times as strong as some practitioners. Thus, close combat was not a choice. It was Lu Shu’s most effective method of killing.

There was something brutal in Lu Shu’s bones that was ready to cause trouble. He felt that it would be too painful to watch them exchange blows using flying swords. It was more satisfying to fight to the death.

Lu Shu looked coldly at the 21 tattooed underlings. “Run!”

“From Lu Xiaoyu’s distress, +666!”

The 21 underlings were evidently dumbfounded…

The civilians who were watching this from a distance almost collapsed! What happened to the strongest person besides the masters?!

But just then Lu Shu turned and ran in the direction he had come from, the 21 underlings chased him without hesitation.

There was a reason why Lu Shu ran. They had sensed Lu Xiaoyu’s presence. Thus, they had been defensive and had not attacked.

They were much more cautious than the 12 patrons, to the point that Lu Shu was alarmed.

But the problem was, they had seen Lu Shu’s skills for themselves and had dared to get a kill steal. Did they have an escape route?

Thus, Lu Shu felt that he was not admitting his fear. He had simply changed his strategy.

It was said that where there was life, there was hope.

It was said that discretion was the better part of valor.

There were many sayings that supported Lu Shu’s decision to run…

Lu Shu made a grand escape under the scrutiny of various stakeholders in the palace. The 21 people followed closely behind him without panic. It was as if they had expected him to run away, although they had thought that Lu Shu was about to fight them head-on too…

While running, Lu Shu had thought of launching a counterattack several times, but the enemy was even more cautious. If their formation was not perfect, they would not attack.

They were like wolves who followed their prey. They had to deliver a fatal blow. If they could not do so, then they would not attack.

Lu Shu was troubled. He could break their formation, but he was not prepared to face their backup.

Run. He could only continue running out of the palace!

There were doubts in the courtyards of the palace. “Did he run away just like that?”

“Is he afraid of the genius who had just advanced to Rank One?”

“That is possible!”

To the stakeholders in the palace, Lu Shu and the person who had just advanced to Rank One were two different people. They did not know where these 21 people had come from. They had never heard of them.

Thus, they thought about it. Did these 21 people belong to the side of the person who had just advanced?

The wealthy families in the palace had never thought that the person who had advanced was alone. Without a major power, how would such a genius be nurtured?

But at that moment, there was the deafening sound of footsteps from the east of the palace. It was as if horsemen from purgatory were rushing over!

Where had this army come from? Had there been an army lying in ambush near the palace? The stakeholders were dumbfounded. It had been a long time since an army had dared to attack the palace!

A major change was about to occur. What a mess. An absolute mess!

Tonight, the palace was destined to be bustling with commotion. Ever since the young man walked out of the Sword Hut, the palace was destined not to be quiet.

Lu Shu was still running. The sound of footsteps was approaching him. Lu Shu’s feelings grew complex, as he knew who had come!

When the army appeared at the end of the limestone road, Lu Shu suddenly stood still and turned around. The horsemen behind him did not slow down. Someone warned in a loud voice, “Go forth, Wei Wu Army! All those who oppose us shall die!”

The next moment, Lu Shu heard the inspiring sound of footsteps. He calmly stood in the moonlight and looked at the 21 people on the limestone road. “Kill them!”

The 21 underlings, who had been following Lu Shu, turned and started to run!

With Wei Wu Army’s current ability, it was far too easy for them to kill 21 Rank Ones in a controlled air zone!



Thanks to Kazetani-kun… I said goodbye to my classmates, this is like a dream…

There are already seven cafe stamps, another three more to get the cake, keep it up. Yosh. After chatting with Ao and bidding him farewell, Hiyuki’s footsteps were light, as if she was walking in the clouds.

She kept thinking about Ao’s serious expression as he said that he didn’t want Hinomiya-san to misunderstand. Whenever she thought of that scene, her chest would throb strongly and she would feel really blessed.

Kazetani-kun was different from back then, he might be scary… but it really moved me and made me glad.

When Ao said in a bright expression and voice that it wasn’t strange for Cyan to like Subaru, her heart was deeply moved, and she thought things would really be as Ao said.

Ever since Kazetani-kun started talking to me, I encountered many wonderful and unbelievable things. Kazetani-kun is just like a magician. I think that if Kazetani-kun is by my side, even I could change.

Or rather, she was already changing.

There was still some time before evening. The streets were covered in gentle mist, the familiar dry cleaning shop, walls of the residence, the roofs, the cute yellow and orange flowers potted at the entrance, even the warm fragrance of dinner being cooked in the houses felt so gentle and soothing.

When Subaru and Cyan watched the sun set into the sea, and when they had their first kiss, the entire world probably looked like this.

Hiyuki remembered that Ao said the scene reflected in the character’s eyes would change according to their state of mind.

It’s really true, Kazetani-kun.

Hiyuki muttered in her mind as she passed through the extravagant gate of her house with a heart full of bliss, walked along the stone paved path to the entrance and pulled the sliding door open──

“!”

Goosebumps appeared on her skin out of fear, and she froze in place just like that.

At the entrance was an elderly woman with a pale face carved with wrinkles. Her back was straight, brows were frowning, eyes were sharp and her lips tightly sealed, sitting properly there like a demon.

The gentle scene was shattered instantly, and complete darkness loomed over Hiyuki’s head.

The world turned into an abyss unreachable by light, and its master, a powerful and terrifying creature was glaring at the startled Hiyuki.

Her grandmother stood up with a start, her bony hand reaching out to Hiyuki and grabbed Hiyuki who still had her shoes on.

“Come here!”

It felt different from Ao grabbing her hand. Fear and sense of danger stemming from her basic instincts hit Hiyuki. Pulled by a force that seemed much greater than what a seventy year old woman could muster, Hiyuki trembled from the pain and fear.

Taking her shoes off in an unnatural stance, Hiyuki had no time to place her shoes properly as her grandmother dragged her through the corridor and into Hiyuki’s room.

Why is grandmother so mad? I came back before curfew, did the chores and tidied the courtyard before heading to school…

What entered her eyes the next moment threw Hiyuki down the valley of despair.

Spew all over the tatami were books with bright colourful covers. The illustrations were girls with revealing costume and large breasts, young girls in primary school with cat ears, and girls wearing armour that looked like underwear posing sexually. The coloured spread pages even had nude girls washing the back of a male main character in the bathroom, all these were laid out here.

Hiyuki felt her blood freezing over.

Her grandmother detested manga and anime. She even ordered Hiyuki to throw away the notebook with an anime character that she got at a sports meet. There was no way she would allow Hiyuki to read light novels.

She knew that her grandmother would throw a fit if she saw the covers of these books, so Hiyuki carefully stowed the collection of light novels she bought into the deepest part of her drawers.

There was no way of knowing when her grandmother would enter her room, so she would never read light novels at home. It wasn’t just light novels that were spewed on the floor. Even the manuscripts Hiyuki wrote were thrown into the heap.

My light novel──

She felt as if someone was crushing her chest. Her grandmother was trembling from rage, and said in a sharp tone:

“What is the meaning of this? Hiyuki!”

Hiyuki slumped her body and lowered her head. Her grandmother jerked her hand hard, as if to say: “Look at me when you talk!”

“Ughhh.”

A moan escaped from Hiyuki’s lips.

“You are reading these lowly, shameless and poisonous things behind my back?”

Her grandmother shook Hiyuki’s hand hard, and interrogated Hiyuki while staring at her face with angry eyes.

“And what is this? You wrote this? Hiyuki?”

She then dragged her to the stack of manuscript paper and yelled. Hiyuki stumble forward and fell beside the pile of manuscript. Her grandmother looked down at her as if she was staring at a criminal with her body trembling.

“Is such lowly, childish and unpleasant scribbles written by my granddaughter? How frightening.”

Her grandmother’s words pierced Hiyuki’s ears. Her dismissive voice overlapped with the cruel criticism on the comment sheet.

‘The story is messy, use cheap words, vulgar’, ‘the main character feel unpleasant, a pain for the reader to sit through’, ‘the content is presumptuous and childish’.

The comments floating in Hiyuki’s brain tormented her.

Stop it, don’t say it anymore.

Hiyuki wanted to stuff her ears.

My novel is childish, unpleasant and presumptuous, so it never made it through the selection and everyone at school avoided me…

When she felt that she was about to be dragged into dark waters.

── Good bye, Hinomiya-san.

She suddenly heard a cheerful voice.

Right, I… greeted everyone in school today.

── G-Good bye…

Hiyuki’s cheeks blushed from happiness, and she replied with a smile on her lips; Ao watch over her from the side with his bright, gentle eyes.

── Hinomiya-san’s novel is interesting

“Get rid of all the filthy things here right now!”

“… No.”

Hiyuki collapsed onto the floor with her head down, and said softly in this position.

“What? I can’t hear you!”

Her grandmother’s stern voice sounded out.

This time, Hiyuki answered with a slightly stronger tone:

“These are not lowly, shameless and poisonous things. They are not cheap or childish.”

── The good thing about light novels is that anything goes, and the writing style is very liberal, right? Its fine even if it was just one person, Hiyuki just needed someone to listen and accept her words.

Just someone to tell her that her writing was good.

Someone to read the clumsy story written by her. Someone like Ao who would push her forward cheerfully.

── Just do whatever you want, write whatever you wish!

Hiyuki lifted her head up and shouted.

“My novel won’t make anyone unpleasant!”

“Ao-kun, congratulations!”

“Ao has finally become a man.”

“Wah, what!?”

The moment he stepped into Sakutarou’s place, Ao heard the sound of poppers as confetti got showered over his head.

After parting with Hiyuki at the cafe.

Ao returned home, and brought food to Sakutarou’s condo on his mother’s behest.

“Aeka-san, you can’t pull that thing while pointing it at others! Uncle Saku too, why are you grinning so widely!?”

“Ara, I just felt a bit hot.”

“Yes, you actually said ‘sharing this secret is a thrilling experience and feels really special, so it isn’t strange for me to fall for you.’ Ao-kun, you are really cool!”

Aeka said in a voice of a boy. As expected of a professional voice actress, even though her voice was sweet and cute, her performance sounded like a cheerful boy in his teens.

No, that’s not the problem.

“Why… Why do you know that!?”

“Ara, why indeed?”

Aeka laughed eloquently.

Ao was anxious.

“That’s the line of the character in the story. And what I said was that it isn’t strange for Cyan to fall for Subaru.”

“Ao, you said such sweet words to a girl so smoothly by using the work as an excuse, good job. I will use this trick in my next game.”

“Yup, Onee-san was really moved when I heard that too.”

“You heard? Where did you hear that!?”

Were the two of them there too? When? Where were they? Ao’s face was heating up.

“Uncle Saku and Aeka too, you two are invading a person’s privacy!”

“Ara, don’t be so angry. Wawa and I both felt responsible for the spat between you and your girlfriend, that’s why we were worried.”

“That’s right, definitely not because Saku can’t think of a plot, and thought he could use the two of you as reference, that’s definitely not it.”

“Aeka-san, you let the cat slip!”

Ao retorted on reflex.

These two adults were really…

Embarrassment and anger made Ao’s fist tremble. Sakutarou offered him tickets at this juncture.

“These are tickets for a movie premiering this weekend, go with her. This is a fantasy theme show that is popular with girls, and would be suitable for dates.”

“Ao-kun phone her quick.”

“Huhh!?”

“That’s right, phone her right now, you have to.”

“Uncle Saku, is your script stuck so badly!?”

The terrible adults cheered him in high spirits ‘Phone her!’ ‘Phone her!’ ‘Call her now!’ ‘strike while the iron is hot’.

How could he ask Hiyuki to a movie in front of these two?

But like Sakutarou said, Hiyuki might like this movie. If he asked her, she would probably be very happy. Ao imagined her lips with a mole beside smiling gently.

Yes, for Hinomiya-san’s sake.

Ao browsed his phone for Hiyuki’s number, and pressed the call button.

This is my first time calling Hinomiya-san. What would Hinomiya-san be doing at this time? Did she have dinner yet… or maybe not…?

Sakutarou and Aeka also leaned closer.

“Amazing, Ao-kun! Go ── Go ──!”

“I will count on you for the super embarrassing line that would make the heart of the players itch.”

“Keep it down! Really!”

As Ao was complaining, the call got through.

“Ah, H-Hinomiya-san? Sorry for calling you so suddenly.”

Ao shooed Sakutarou and Aeka with his hand, and decided to get straight to the point.

Snivelling sound came from the other end of the phone.

Hmm?

“……”

This was the sound of crying and her voice breaking from tears.

Hinomiya-san is crying…?

“What happened!? Hinomiya-san, what is the matter?”

Ao suddenly shouted with a serious expression, which made Sakutarou and Aeka open their eyes wide.

Hiyuki seemed unable to articulate herself properly, sounds of snivelling and vehicle driving by could be heard from her side of the line.

“Hinomiya-san, where are you right now?”

Ao shouted desperately, and there was finally a response.

“… Kazetani-kun.”

He could hear a weak voice brushed across his ear.

“I, I… Grandmother…. Home…”

The sound of cars mixed in with the rain.

Looking out the window, Ao saw it was starting to rain.

“Hinomiya-san, tell me your location! I will pick you up!”

After telling Hiyuki to seek shelter somewhere, Ao left Sakutarou’s condo and headed for her. The rain became heavier and the air was freezing.

Ao wore sports shoes and splashed water everywhere as he ran, headed for the convenience store near their school where Hiyuki was waiting.

He told her to wait inside, but Hiyuki was standing at the entrance of the store with her head down, her school bag on her shoulder and a large tote bag clutched before her chest. She was wearing her uniform and her blouse was completely wet and sticking to her skin, she looked really cold.

“Hinomiya-san!”

Ao called out to her and Hiyuki lift her head, her eyes red and welling with tears.

“K-Kazetani-kun, I… ran away from home, I, can’t go back anymore…”

Ao brought the sobbing Hiyuki back to Sakutarou’s condo, and let her changed into clothes that Aeka prepared. She didn’t have dinner yet, so Ao took out the food he delivered to Sakutarou, which include stewed yam and tofu steak.

“Anyway, eat something to calm yourself down.”

Hiyuki was wearing a pink sleeveless blouse with black dots, and tights with pink and white stripes, which made Ao wonder if there were any normal clothes here. But these were comfortable clothes Aeka wore if she stayed the night at Sakutarou’s place, so it couldn’t be helped. This was much better than wearing Sakutarou’s clothes.

He was thankful that they provided a refuge for Hiyuki.

If Ao and Hiyuki who were high schoolers stayed out too late, they would be sent for counseling by teachers on patrol. If Ao brought Hiyuki home, his mother would probably interrogate him about this. He had younger twin siblings at home to, so it would be hard for Hiyuki to calm down.

Hiyuki lowered her head, cut the tofu with her disposable chopsticks and sent it to her mouth.

“… Delicious, it’s tasty.”

She muttered softly, and ate the smooth yam next.

“Delicious.”

She said again.

“I have rather young siblings at home, so the seasoning would be sweeter. Kids would probably love this. It’s great that Hinomiya-san likes it. Ah, Hinomiya-san!”

Hiyuki covered her face with one hand and started sobbing, which made Ao panic.

“Ao-kun, at a time like this, you have to hold her close and comfort her.”

“It’s fine to kiss her too, Ao.”

While the adults were being sarcastic, it wasn’t the time to do that.

Ao pulled some tissues from a box and offered it to Hiyuki, who rubbed her nose and said:

“I-I’m sorry. But this is really… delicious… so tofu steak could be so delicious… t-the stewed yam too, just what kind of stewed food had I been eating in the past…?”

“If you like it, eat more.”

“Y-Yes.”

Hiyuki cried as she ate, muttering delicious, delicious as she ate the tofu steak and stewed yam. When she finally stopped sobbing, Ao asked what happened to her, she sat on the floor and pulled her knees to her face.

“… Grandmother discovered the light novels and manuscripts I hid.”

Hiyuki told him everything in a hoarse voice.

Isn’t Hinomiya-san’s grandmother a very strict person?

She banned children from reading manga and anime, so Hiyuki had to write her light novels at school.

Hiyuki’s curfew was very strict, Ao knew that Hiyuki was very afraid of her grandmother. Hiyuki once muttered sadly: ‘Grandmother hates me…’

“I-It’s probably because I am acting… strange recently, so my grandmother went to search my room. Grandmother would do something like that… I already knew that, if I had only hidden it better…”

Hiyuki gripped the hands on her knee tightly as her shoulders trembled.

“Grandmother said that light novels are lowly, corrupting and unpleasant things, and wants me to throw them all away… I have always been afraid of my grandmother and wouldn’t dare go against her… But I couldn’t back down regarding this point, and I talked back to her for the first time.”

For the docile Hiyuki, this was a big matter. Hiyuki told her grandmother that to her, reading and writing light novels were important things, and she couldn’t abandon them.

── If you want to throw the light novels away, I will leave this house with them!

Hiyuki kept the light novels and manuscripts into a tote bag on the spot and dashed out of the house, leaving behind her grandmother who was shouting ‘wait!’

She must have been enduring it all this while, that’s why she exploded like this. Hiyuki continued talking about her feelings as she sobbed.

“I, I… absolutely don’t want to go back to that home. I want to work, and rent a place to live in. Grandmother should… probably think that is better. Because grandmother hates me, she thinks that my mother leaving me with her after she died is a nuisance.”

“Wait a minute, is that what your grandmother said?”

Aeka leaned over, as if she couldn’t let this matter rest. Hiyuki nodded with tears on her cheeks.

“Before mother was hospitalized ── When my parents divorce and we just headed back to grandmother’s place to stay, I heard… Grandmother talking to my mother. ‘What, what about me? That’s why I objected so much, the person herself might not mind, but the one who have to shoulder the burden will be troubled. It is really too cold, so cold it makes one shivers…’ I-I was young back then, so I didn’t really understand. But when grandmother was scolding my mother, my mother said in tears ‘When I got married, I didn’t know I would be getting a divorce.’”

── That’s why I objected it so much!

── The one who have to shoulder the burden will be troubled!

Her grandmother’s voice was stern, and her expression tensed like a demon.

── It is really too cold.

Hiyuki’s mother was hospitalized not long after coming back, and passed away.

Hiyuki’s grandmother believed that her daughter had a weak constitution. When Hiyuki’s father had a mistress, it increased the psychological burden on her daughter, so she hated Hiyuki’s father, and Hiyuki who took after her father, Hiyuki explained.

“I… Don’t look like my mother… My mother was gentle and kind… After my mother got married and left the house, grandmother still loved my mother deeply and cherished her… In the past, an acquaintance of grandmother said… your granddaughter don’t take after your daughter, and resembles her father… Grandmother had a disgusted expression… She used an unhappy and scary voice and asked me to go somewhere else…”

Hiyuki showed the photo of her mother she brought along when she ran away from home, and showed it to everyone.

“There… isn’t much left. The photos I took with my father had all been thrown away by grandmother…”

The few photographs she had were all taken after she moved in with her grandmother. The young woman smiling on the hospital bed had a petite and cute face.

If her face wasn’t that pale, she would look cuter and happier. Even though she was smiling, it had a hint of sadness about her. On the trees outside the window were pink begonia flowers. The smile on the face of Hiyuki’s mother was like the beautiful flowers.

The three year old Hiyuki in her arms was probably very happy to be with her mother, and was all smiles. Besides them was a woman with a stern expression and an elegant aura. She wore a kimono with her hands overlapping gracefully in front of her, standing tall with her back straight. This should be Hiyuki’s grandmother.

She does look like a strict person…

“This grandma is like a daughter of a noble clan born in the Taisho era, a woman who survived alone through the ravages of war. That’s how she feels.”

Aeka furrowed her brows.

“No, it’s impossible for her to be born in the Taisho era.”

Sakutarou retorted.

“Hmm…? This was the time you visited the aquarium?”

Ao’s gaze rested on the little Hiyuki who was standing nervously before an aquarium tank. A woman wearing a long skirt and white glove was holding Hiyuki’s tiny hand.

Hiyuki wore a cute short sleeved frilly blouse, a pink skirt and a flower shaped bag on her back.

“Is the person wearing the glove your mother?”

“Mother… have allergies, on days when ultra violet rays were strong, she would wear her gloves…”

A white and shiny dorsal fin and a grey tail could be seen on the corner of the photo.

“It is cut off, buy… this is a… Kitefin shark.” Hiyuki muttered in a heavy voice:

“I am very afraid of Kitefin sharks, mother said that Kitefin sharks are powerful creatures that move on their own and won’t form groups, and I have to be strong like the Kitefin sharks…”

“The words of this mother are incredible.”

Aeka mumbled.

Indeed, it is too ambitious to tell a three year old girl to be like a Kitefin shark.

Hiyuki said as she sobbed:

“It’s all because of grandmother. She kept blaming mother saying you are too weak, too weak. Mother was conscious about that, that’s why she asked me to become strong. Grandmother also told me… Your mother is a really frail person… You can’t be like your mother. She would frown and sigh as she said that…” From Hiyuki’s perspective, her mother didn’t die from illness, but was murdered by her grandmother’s accusations.

Aeka felt very sorry for Hiyuki.

“Don’t go back to your grandmother’s place. If you want to find a place to live by yourself, we will help. We will help you find work too, with your looks, there are plenty of job opportunities.”

Aeka was ready to call the director of her agency at any moment.

“Hey Ao-kun, you think so too right?”

Aeka turned towards Ao.

Ao placed the photo onto the floor and replied quietly:

“… I think Hinomiya-san should return home and have a good talk with her grandmother.”

Hiyuki opened her eyes wide and her shoulders trembled from fear. Aeka couldn’t believe it and yelled:

“What are you saying, Ao-kun! She couldn’t take it and ran away precisely because the other party wouldn’t listen. What’s the point of going back?”

Ao’s words seemed to have dealt a huge blow to Hiyuki. She looked at Ao with watery eyes, and muttered with her trembling lips:

“G-Grandmother… won’t listen to me… I-I have nothing to say to her too… S-So… Can I not… go back?”

Ao understand how depressed and helpless Hiyuki was feeling. She looked straight at Hiyuki and said firmly:

“If Hinomiya-san’s grandmother hates you like you said, it would be better to live apart. If that is true, I will stand on your side, and help you no matter what. But before that, I have some things I want to confirm.”

“… Some things… You want to confirm?”

The lips with a mole besides it uttered these words timidly, her transparent eyes showed signs of confusion.

Aeka who was puffing her cheeks angrily besides Hiyuki and Sakutarou who remained silent behind her listened carefully to what Ao said. Aeka was not satisfied, while Sakutarou was smiling.

Ao nodded strongly.

“When you write a novel, the scenery you see would be different if you change to the perspective of another character, and would notice foreshadowing that is not apparent before. After listening to Hinomiya-san’s words, there are several points I am concerned about, so let us go confirm them.”

After drying her uniform with a dryer, Hiyuki put them on again and left the condo with Ao. Braving the icy rain, they came to Hiyuki’s house, which was a large japanese style mansion like what Ao heard from his classmates. The courtyard that was obviously bigger than the surrounding residence was enclosed in tall, coffee coloured fencing. On the grand looking gate was a sign engraved with a formal looking ‘Hinomiya’.

Before coming here, Aeka made a phone call to Hiyuki’s grandmother, saying they were taking care of Hiyuki right now. Following Sakutarou’s instruction, Aeka’s voice was: 27 years old, librarian, elegant and steady, the voice of a mature big sister who was gentle and reliable. The reply from the other end of the line was:

“I will pick up my granddaughter right away! Please tell me the address!”

It sounded rather stern.

“I-I couldn’t talk to… grandmother right now.”

With Hiyuki beside him, Ao grabbed the phone from Aeka.

“You don’t need to pick up Hinomiya-san personally, Madam grandmother. My name is Kazetani, I am her classmate. I will send Hinomiya-san back home.”

Ao said.

The two of them sat in the back seat of a taxi and Ao held Hiyuki’s hand the whole journey. Hiyuki held Ao’s hand uneasily saying in a barely audible voice every now and then: ‘Grandmother won’t forgive me.’ ‘She still hasn’t forgiven the fact that father and mother married and gave birth to me.’ ‘No matter what I say, it is useless.’

The taxi driver looked worried and kept peeking at them, wondering if they were a pair of high school lovers eloping. Maybe they were going to a suicide pact?

Hiyuki slumped her body at the gate, and Ao said to her gently:

“Let’s go in.”

They passed through the gate.

After carefully walking on the slippery stone paved pathway that had gotten wet from the rain, came to the door and pressed the bell. The sliding door opened immediately. A wrinkled, bony hand reached for Ao and Hiyuki, and which made Hiyuki held her breathe.

She was probably waiting anxiously at the entrance.

With an expression sterner than the one she had in the photograph, the elderly lady wearing a kimono glared at Hiyuki with a strict look. She then pulled on Hiyuki’s arm and dragged her towards the house.

“No!”

Hiyuki shook off the hand of her grandmother, which angered her grandmother further. She furrowed her brows and shouted:

“What are you doing!? You are not permitted to leave this house!”

She then looked at Ao with eyes that threatened to pierce through him.

“Please leave, this is a family matter. Don’t talk to me or my granddaughter ever again.”

Ao took a step forward as if he was shielding Hiyuki behind him, and muttered in his heart:

Calm down.

He then answered very calmly and honestly:

“I can’t do that.”

The gaze of Hiyuki’s grandmother had an intense emotion known as hatred mixed in. Her eyes sent a chill down Ao’s back, but he continued.

He was already sweating under his clothes, and Ao was careful to not let her notice. She couldn’t let Hiyuki’s grandmother think that this was just playful words of a high schooler and looked at her firmly. “I am here to help Hinomiya-san’s grandmother. To let Hinomiya-san understand that her grandmother raised her with love and concern.”

Hiyuki’s grandmother and Hiyuki who was slumped besides Ao both looked surprised, which turned into doubt.

Hiyuki’s grandmother glared at Ao, and said in a stern voice:

“Foolish, I am raising this child because it is my obligation. Because this child’s mother was too weak, and passed away with a broken heart after her husband abandoned her, so no other person would take her in.”

Hiyuki’s face twisted in pain and said:

“Y-You should know, Kazetani-kun… Grandmother hates me… She told mother that I am a burden and is so cold it makes others shiver…”

The expression on Hiyuki’s grandmother turned stiff, she furrowed her brows and said coldly:

“You heard that, Hiyuki?”

“Yes, mother said in tears that she never expected to divorce, and grandmother scolded her saying that was why you objected so much ── Mother didn’t died because of father, it’s all because of grandmother… Because grandmother keep blaming mother for marrying my father, and having me.”

Hiyuki’s grandmother didn’t deny this. Her thin and stern face was tense. With her lips tightly close, she looked at her granddaughter who was accusing her with eyes on the verge of freezing.

Ao said:

“That’s wrong, Hinomiya-san. Grandmother might have really said that, but her intention was different from what Hinomiya-san imagined. It was the same for the other matters ── Am I right, grandmother?”

“……”

Hiyuki’s grandmother fell into silence. Her brows, cheeks, lips remained unmoving. Placing one hand over her other thin hand, she stood there in a formal posture.

This person is always wearing an ice cold mask, unwilling to reveal her true emotions. Ao felt a stab of pain in his chest.

── I will pick up my granddaughter right away! Please tell me the address!

If Hiyuki’s grandmother really hated Hiyuki, she wouldn’t have said that she would pick her up personally.

Other than that, Ao noticed a few details after listening to Hiyuki’s words.

Ao felt that maybe Hiyuki’s grandmother wasn’t the type of person Hiyuki thought she was.

Ao would reveal the foreshadowings he noticed one at a time!

First, Ao turned towards Hiyuki, who showed an expression that she didn’t understand what Ao was saying. Ao looked at her, and asked gently:

“Hinomiya-san said that the last time you visited the aquarium with your mother, she told you to be as strong as the Kitefin shark correct?”

Hiyuki answered with a stiff expression:

“Yes… That’s right. Because grandmother always blamed mother for being too weak, too frail…”

“That wasn’t Hinomiya-san’s mother, but what your grandmother said.”

“Huh?”

Hiyuki’s lips that had a mole beside it opened a little.

“But, I went to the aquarium with my mother…”

“Yes, Hinomiya-san did say that this was an aquarium full of memories, that your mother took you there before she was hospitalized.”

Ao emphasized the words ‘before she was hospitalized’.

“But Hinomiya-san’s mother was already hospitalized during that time, and couldn’t have visited the aquarium together with Hinomiya-san.”

“What… does this mean?” Ao explained slowly to the confused Hiyuki.

“Among the photos Hinomiya-san have of your mother, there were some taken in the hospital room with Begonia blooming outside the window. My next door neighbour planted these trees too, and the flowers would bloom in April. That would be too early to wear short sleeves. But in the photo of the aquarium, Hinomiya-san wore a short sleeved blouse.”

“!”

Hiyuki held her breathe.

“If that wasn’t your mother, than the one who could have brought Hinomiya-san to the aquarium would be your grandmother. Isn’t that only natural?”

That was what Ao noticed in the beginning.

When Hiyuki visited the aquarium, Hiyuki’s mother had already been hospitalized. If so, who was the one who brought Hiyuki to the aquarium?

Hiyuki turned to her grandmother.

Hiyuki had a complicated expression of confusion, doubt and surprise. She looked to her grandmother to confirm if this was true. Hiyuki’s grandmother didn’t even move her brow, and looked back at Hiyuki coldly.

Hiyuki muttered in a voice of disbelief:

“Then… the one holding my hand in this photo isn’t my mother, but grandmother…?”

“Yes, that’s correct.”

“Grandmother always wears a kimono. And this glove is the one mother always wears when she goes outside…”

“That’s right, because she wore gloves, that’s why Hinomiya-san kept thinking that the one who went to the aquarium is your mother. When you think back on your childhood, you will first think of the white gloves.”

“How could that be, I…”

Hiyuki suddenly showed an unconfident face. She probably remembered something from her early childhood.

This time, Ao shift his gaze to Hiyuki’s grandmother.

“Grandmother specially wore gloves and wore western clothes in order to put Hinomiya-san who was attached to her mother at ease, correct? Grandmother?”

“……”

Hiyuki’s grandmother fell into silence.

Her hands that were placed one over the other didn’t move either. Hiyuki said that the thin hands with wrinkles were scary. Since young, she must have thought her grandmother’s hand was different from her mother’s, and felt unfamiliar and terrifying.

This was common among children. For the twins in Ao’s home, the sister cried when she saw her grandfather took out his dentures. After that, she would run away whenever her grandfather came near, which made her grandfather sigh.

What if Hiyuki was like that too? Could it be that her grandmother wore a dress to cheer up her granddaughter who was getting depressed because her mother was hospitalized? And even wore the soft gloves Hiyuki’s mother owned to conceal her bony hand for her sake?

From what Hiyuki said and the photo she showed Ao, Ao told the conclusion he drew to Hiyuki’s grandmother who was silent:

“And so, the one who mentioned Kitefin sharks to Hinomiya-san, is you.”

── Kitefin sharks are powerful creatures that move on their own and won’t form groups.

── You have to be strong like Kitefin sharks.

That wasn’t something a mother would say to her daughter that she was leaving behind, but the words a grandmother said to her granddaughter who would lose both parents in the near future.

You might be alone, but you can’t lose.

Don’t be weak like your mother.

You have to be strong and live on.

That’s the depressing hope that she had…

Hiyuki’s grandmother continued looking into space with cold eyes. Her tense face and overlapping hands remain unmoved.

However ──

── Grandmother hates me.

Using this belief of Hiyuki as the premise, and changing it into ‘Hiyuki’s grandmother is worried about her, and raised her with care’, another line of thought would be visible ── Another scenery.

For example, Ao noticed another thing.

“Hinomiya-san, you remember what your name was before your parents divorced?”

The stunned Hiyuki twitched her lips that had a mole beside it and answered:

“… Hanai.”

“Hanai Hiyuki… a gentle and cute name. It gives the image of a small energetic flower blooming in the snow. Your parents must have thought hard to choose such a suitable name. Also, which month were you born?” “… March.”

“That would be spring, but your parents chose a name related to winter. Your mother must have wanted to give you a name that reminds you of the family name from your mother’s side. What is your mother’s name?”

“… Aika, the Kanji are love and summer, because my mother was born in July.”

“Your mother has a lovely name too. She was probably attached to her name Hinomiya Aika, that’s why Hinomiya-san, her daughter as Hiyuki. But didn’t your grandmother object that name?”

“……”

“A reason was giving you a winter related name even though you were born in spring. Maybe your grandmother also considered the problem if your parents divorce and her daughter took back her family name. With two ice kanji in the name ‘Hinomiya Hiyuki’ sounds too cold, maybe that’s what your grandmother thought?”

Hiyuki was enlightened and then fell into deep thought with her face tensed. She was probably thinking about the conversation her mother had with her grandmother.

── I heard… Grandmother talking to my mother.

── What, what about me? That’s why I objected so much!

── The person herself might not mind, but the one who have to shoulder the burden will be troubled. It is really too cold, so cold it makes one shiver…

“Grandmother wasn’t saying that Hinomiya-san was too cold, but was worried about her granddaughter who had to change her name after her parents divorced. The people who picked the name for her granddaughter might not mind, but the child who had to shoulder the burden would be too pitiful. That’s why your grandmother blamed your mother, but your mother said that she didn’t know she would get a divorce and take back her family name when she first got married.”

Intense and confused emotions stirred in Hiyuki’s eyes.

The childhood memories that kept playing back in her mind and filling her chest with pain actually have some other meaning, which made it hard for her to believe.

Also, her grandmother kept her lips tightly shut and back straight, keeping quiet with her back straight.

“B-But… Grandmother is very strict, and objects no matter what I do. When I caught a cold, she said it was my responsibility and to take care of myself… A-And, whenever she mentioned mother, she would talk bad about her, saying that my mother was too weak.”

“She wasn’t talking bad about her, grandmother was just warning herself. Hinomiya-san’s mother, fell ill because of the emotional trauma of divorce, so she was determined to raise Hinomiya-san to be a strong child.”

── Grandmother keep blaming mother saying you are too weak, too weak.

── Grandmother also told me… Your mother is a really frail person… You can’t be like your mother. She would frown and sigh as she said that…”

Ao shifted his gaze onto Hiyuki’s grandmother again.

“I heard that before Hinomiya-san’s mother got married, grandmother cherished and doted on her a lot. I could deduce from the effort she put in to pick the name Aika. Grandmother raised Hiyuki-san’s mother, her only daughter with plenty of love and care. But wasn’t she regretting this? If she had raised her to be a stronger child, her daughter might not have died.”

Because she doted her daughter too much, she couldn’t withstand sadness and became a frail person who lost her life because of that. Did Hiyuki’s Grandmother, regret this after her daughter passed away?

Mother died because of Grandmother, when she heard Hiyuki shouted that, grandmother kept her lips coldly shut and did not refute that.

This must have been what she thought.

If I had been stricter when I raised her.

Then she wouldn’t have died.

That’s why grandmother treated her granddaughter Hiyuki in such a stern manner, even if Hiyuki held a grudge against her. All this was to raise Hiyuki to be someone who won’t lose to predicaments, a person with a strong spirit──

“Behind grandmother’s stern words and actions lies her wish to atone for her daughter and her love for her granddaughter. I am here to confirm this point. Because this is important for Hinomiya-san right now.”

Hiyuki’s grandmother didn’t open her tightly closed lips, her expression remained ice cold.

But her overlapping hands were slightly tensed ── She was squeezing her left hand with her thin and bony right hand──

Hiyuki looked confused, and was drawn in by the pair of hands she feared all this while, staring at them.

“This… couldn’t be helped.”

In the quiet atmosphere, a trembling voice suddenly echoed out.

Hiyuki raised her head in surprise.

With her eyebrows upturned and a cold glare in her eyes, Hiyuki’s grandmother glared at empty space with such a look, her thin lips remained drooping with her back straight ── She muttered in a sternly ── but sad voice:

“… I had Aika when I was almost forty, I am so old right now… I don’t know when I will leave Hiyuki behind… at the end of my life. I have no other relatives to count on, if I die… Hiyuki will have to live on alone… What I can do for Hiyuki is to teach her not to rely on others, have the tenacity to live on alone, and not sadden her too much if I die… That’s all I could teach her.”

With a cold expression, Hiyuki’s grandmother stared in a direction with nobody there and said in a stern tone, voicing out her thoughts hidden behind her freezing armour of ice.

She educated her so strictly so that Hiyuki would be capable of living on alone.

Not saying any gentle words and always leaving her alone was because she didn’t want Hiyuki to feel the pain of losing family again when she dies.

It would be just fine if Hiyuki hated her.

A transparent drop of tear fell from her wide open eye. Was she aware of that?

Hiyuki fluttered her eyebrows, tears oozing from her eyes too as she listened to what her grandmother said.

And then, Hiyuki spoke.

── I understood when I saw grandmother cry, that the one who told me about Kitefin shark and bought the Kitefin shark pencil for me was grandmother.

── The person who told me to become strong had a very strict voice, and I felt scared just like the time I saw the Kitefin shark. But when I peeked up, a teardrop as beautiful as a pearl fell from that person’s face… I always thought that was my mother.

However, when she saw the tears streaming down her grandmother’s face, it overlapped with the face that shedded pearl like tears in her memory.

── That reminds me of so many things. The reason grandmother wasn’t in the photo was because she told the person taking the picture for us: ‘please capture just my granddaughter, an old lady wouldn’t look good in a photo.’

The person helping to take the picture was at a loss.

Her grandmother then muttered after the fact: ‘How could I let other see my frivolous look? People will think I have gone crazy.’

When she ate the steamed bun handmade by her grandmother, the young Hiyuki would complain: ‘This isn’t sweet… I don’t want to eat this.’ Her grandmother would say: ‘Your mother ate too much sweet snacks when she was young, and had serious cavities. She was picky about food when she grew up and had a lot of allergies… ‘ Before Hiyuki finish her food, grandmother would watch her carefully. After she was done and said ‘Thank you for the meal’, her grandmother would keep a strict face with the corners of her mouth in a frown, pat her head and says: ‘Good girl.’

── Grandmother would say gentle words to me before my mother died…

She was actually a clumsy person.

Keeping a distance from her granddaughter, not showing how she cared for her, but would make snacks for her to eat, and would pat her head with unfamiliar movements.

She brought the depressed Hiyuki to the aquarium, and bought a Kitefin shark mechanical pencil for her.

── Thanks to Kazetani-kun, I remembered that grandmother is actually a gentle person.

The lips with a mole besides it parted in a smile as Hiyuki said that.

And now ──

The grandmother and granddaughter watched over by Ao told each other their true feelings for the first time.

“I-I know that grandmother really detest anime and manga, but I won’t give up on reading and writing light novels.” Hiyuki did her best to convey her feelings, and her grandmother looked at her with stern eyes and said:

“Aika drew a lot of such mangas too, and joined a video game club online where she met your father. She was still a college student, but she fell deeply in love with a man eight years her senior, and want to marry him no matter what. But that man had an affair with a woman in the same club and bore a child, so he divorced Aika and went to live with that woman. Just what was he unsatisfied about Aika? She might act pettishly, lack tenacity and was bad at housework, but she was cute, frank and gentle. Abandoning her after marrying her, the men in such anime clubs must all be like that.”

“I-I didn’t join any clubs, and not all fans of anime or light novels are like that.”

Hinomiya-san can finally talk to her grandmother and express herself.

Ao looked at the red faced Hiyuki who was facing her grandmother bravely.

There won’t be any problems now…

“They are all similar things. In the beginning, Aika only shut herself in her room to play video games. Over time, she joined the gathering organized by the club and played until morning before coming home.”

“I am not my mother, I, I won’t… only come home in the morning.”

“But didn’t you run away from home?”

“That’s because…”

“And you brought a boy home.”

Ao was shocked when the topic turned towards her. Hiyuki’s grandmother walked towards him very bluntly.

“Please don’t deceive my granddaughter. If this child turned out like her mother too, I will──”

“Grandmother!”

Hiyuki stopped her with a pale face.

“Our family has always been plagued by useless men, leading to unhappiness. My daughter, my mother, my grandmother all suffered a lot because of men. When I was pregnant with Aika, my husband at that time committed crimes that goes against public morals and was sent to the police station, so we divorced. The man said in his police statement he did that because he was under a lot of stress after marrying into the family, what an embarrassment. Although we only married after a marriage interview, he was rather manly when we first tied the knot. Shortly after our divorce, he married a young woman fifteen years his junior.”

She is comparing me with such people…

Ao back off a little.

“N-Not just mother, even grandmother, grandmother’s mother, and grandmother’s grandmother too…?”

Ao saw a flustered Hiyuki.

Hiyuki’s grandmother continued walking towards Ao.

“That’s why I didn’t look for a son to marry into the family, but let Aika marry away. Even if the Hinomiya family line ends, as long as Aika could be happy, even if it was someone she met in a video game club, eight years older than her, looked unreliable, a red haired man born in France was fine too. But that man abandoned Aika and Hiyuki, and ran off with another woman──”

Hiyuki’s grandmother voice choked, as if she was trying to swallow something that had welled up.

Seeing her grandmother averted her head with a blink, Hiyuki furrowed her brows.

Ao’s heart ached a little.

Hinomiya-san’s mother probably chose her name in remembrance of her old family name out of gratitude for her mother’s feelings…

Hiyuki’s grandmother really doted on her only daughter.

But when all of her daughter’s wishes were fulfilled, she lost that precious daughter of hers. The pain must have been agonizing.

In order to avoid making the same mistake, she educated Hiyuki strictly, not letting her come into contact with anything related to anime or manga. Ao could empathize with how she felt, and felt that blaming her would be too much.

Hiyuki also looked at her Grandmother as if she was on the verge of tears.

Hiyuki’s grandmother kept her head turned, not looking at Ao as she said in a stiff, sobbing voice:

“My mother passed away at 77. I am 75 now, I only have two years left. Even if Hiyuki gets abandoned by a man and come back here, I won’t be able to receive her here… That’s why I hope Hiyuki can choose a life without depending on a man or anyone. Is that wrong?”

Hiyuki’s grandmother turned her head back suddenly, and Ao straightened his body on reflex.

The face staring at Ao was tensed, showing her will to protect her granddaughter no matter what.

Ahh… Hinomiya-san’s grandmother, is really worried about Hinomiya-san…

His chest heating up, Ao maintained his posture and said calmly:

“Would Hinomiya-san be happy like this?”

Hiyuki’s grandmother was speechless.

“Hinomiya-san isn’t living by herself as grandmother wished. Before I started talking to Hinomiya-san about light novels, I have never seen Hinomiya-san smile before. But recently, Hinomiya-san had become more approachable and would smile warmly.”

Ao wasn’t criticizing Hiyuki’s grandmother for her way of doing things, or intended to refute her. He was plainly stating what he observed calmly and honestly.

Hiyuki’s grandmother held her hands together tightly as Hiyuki looked at Ao with watery eyes.

“As Hinomiya-san’s friend, I hope she can always smile.”

“I… I also…”

Hiyuki’s grandmother was hesitant about speaking. Her throat trembled as she blinked her eyes. She must be thinking about saying: ‘I also wish for that.”

“The average lifespan of a woman is 85 years old, and the trend is on the rise. Grandmother will definitely live more than two years… And you still look energetic and young now.”

Ao said with a smile. Hiyuki’s grandmother brows that had eased up furrow once again.

“Impossible, all the women in our family died before 80, no one in our family register lived beyond 80!”

Grandmother refuted.

“Even discounting that, I am sixty years older than Hiyuki.”

Grandmother blinked and averted her face.

At this point, Hiyuki spoke.

“Grandmother, I… light novels are something very important and wonderful to me, I want to talk to grandmother every day… about how strong I have become after I knew about light novels and Kazetani-kun, brave enough to talk to grandmother, and I will be strong in the future too… In the world of light novels, there are Kitefin sharks that aren’t by themselves… I want to… spend some time and tell you about these things bit by bit…”

Hiyuki’s grandmother kept her head averted, as if she was suppressing her overflowing emotions, listening to Hiyuki with a blank face. Her thin and bony hands was a bit pale because she was gripping too tightly ── The way she looked seemed to overlapped with Hiyuki who had a lot to say, but kept her gaze and head down ── The two of them are really similar, Ao thought.

Not just their looks, their characters were similar too.

Their serious side, and their clumsy side.

Both of them had the delicacy and kindness to think about others.

Hinomiya-san isn’t like her mother, she takes after her grandmother.

Hiyuki mustered all her courage and held her grandmother’s hand fearfully.

The thin, bony hands engraved with wrinkled ── The hands that held Hiyuki’s hands when she was young. Hiyuki closed her own pale soft hands around that pair of hands.

“Two years won’t be enough to say it all. Ten, twenty or even thirty years won’t be enough… So, please live on…”

The shoulders of Hiyuki’s grandmother shook and her voice was whimpering. Her tense face, lips and brows were on the verge of breaking down──

All the foreshadowing had been revealed.

The relationship between Hiyuki and her grandmother would slowly change in the future.

This old house would become a comfortable and warm place for Hiyuki to stay in. Hiyuki’s grandmother shook off her hand coldly.

“Don’t talk here in the entrance, come on in… You too.”

Grandmother glanced at Ao with a sharp gaze, straightened her back, and walked into the mansion.



“You must be tired, Young-Eun. Let’s dine out tonight.”

“I asked my dad to come over tomorrow evening.”

“Oh, you did?”

“Also, my aunt and President Jeong-Sook Shin will be here too.”

“I see. Is that why you did grocery shopping at this hour?”

“I need to buy more tomorrow.”

“What time are they coming tomorrow?”

“Six in the evening.”

“Do you want me to go to the seafood market in Noryangjin tomorrow? Do you think you can handle the cooking by yourself?”

“Oppa, can you do it for me?”

“Me? I don’t know how to cook.”

Young-Eun grinned.

“I will have a helper tomorrow. She is working in the kitchen in the hospital where I work. She said she would help with the food preparation for me tomorrow.”

“That’s a huge relief.”

“She is coming around 2 pm tomorrow. Why don’t you go out and spend some time while she and I cook? Maybe you want to go to the movies or something.”

“Umm, sure.”

“Before you leave tomorrow, get me some fruits and liquor.”

“Okay.”

Young-Eun yawned while sitting on the sofa.

“You look exhausted. Let’s eat out.”

“Sounds good.”

“Are you okay? You look really tired.”

“I worked a night shift yesterday, and I didn’t take any break at work today. I was so busy.”

“Don’t you take a day off the next day after you work a night shift?”

“I had some paperwork that I had to finish by today, so I couldn’t take a day off.”

“I guess that medical doctors have a lot of administrative work on their own too, huh? Well, let’s go out and eat something.”

Young-Eun changed into more comfortable clothes, and Gun-Ho wore sneakers before going out.

They walked around TowerPalace to select a nice restaurant. When Young-Eun saw a Vietnamese restaurant, she said, “Oppa, what about that one?”

“It says Annam. I guess they are selling Vietnamese noodle soups.”

“We don’t need to go further to find another one. Let’s just eat there.”

Gun-Ho recoiled when he saw a Vietnamese noodle soup restaurant. The thought of it brought him a bad memory about his first business years ago. With the seed money that he made in Asan City, Gun-Ho had opened a Vietnamese restaurant in Noryangjin. When he knew he was losing money by running the restaurant further, he put it on the market for sale only to find out it wouldn’t sell quickly. He still remembered those old days when he worked all day long scooping the rice noodles from a boiling pot and slicing spring onions. The kitchen was almost 2 pyung large, and it was pretty small for him to work with other kitchen ladies.

“Let’s find another one.”

“Why? You don’t like pho? I like it.”

“Pho digests too quickly. You will feel hungry again soon even after you have a full bowl of pho. Let’s eat something else.”

“We can order side dishes like spring rolls. Spring rolls are very popular dishes too.”

Young-Eun dragged Gun-Ho to the restaurant called Annam. They had spring rolls which were good.

It was Saturday.

Gun-Ho’s backpack was slung over his shoulder. He decided to go mountain climbing while Young-Eun and the helper lady were cooking. He first went to a supermarket and bought some fruits, beer, Chinese liquor, and western liquor. After placing them on the table in the living room, he headed out to go mountain climbing.

“Let’s try Cheonggye Mountain. It’s close from here.”

Gun-Ho drove his Land Rover to Cheonggye Mountain. There were tons of people there since it was Saturday.

“Wow. It’s so crowded here. Let’s just climb up to Oknyeo Pike.”

Gun-Ho started walking up towards the pike. Since he didn’t exercise regularly, he was already gasping for air.

“So many people are here. All I see while climbing the mountain is the back of their head.”

Gun-Ho finally arrived at Oknyeo Pike. He could see the race track for horses in Gwacheon City.

“Are you our Mr. Class Manager?”

Gun-Ho turned around. It was one of the students in his class at the Advanced Center of Administrative Development. He was the deputy minister, not a minister.

“Oh, Mr. Minister?”

Gun-Ho called him minister even though he was a deputy minister.

“You came here by yourself, Mr. Class Manager? You just married, huh? Why are you here alone? You should have come with your wife.”

“Hahaha. She is at home cooking. We invited her father for dinner.”

“Oh, I guess she kicked you out then since you would be no use for cooking, huh?”

“Hahaha. You can say that.”

“Where are you living?”

“I’m living in Dogok Town.”

“TowerPalace?”

“That’s right. What about you, Mr. Minister? Where are you living?”

“I live in the Mido condo in Daechi Town. I’ve lived there for ten years now.”

“Oh, I see.”

“I actually came with my wife. I’d better go now then. Have fun.”

“You have a wonderful day.”

Gun-Ho looked in the direction that he went. There was an overweight middle-aged lady looking at Gun-Ho’s direction. She was wearing sunglasses. She was probably that deputy minister’s wife.

Gun-Ho came down from the mountain. He looked at his watch. He still had some time left before dinner. He went to the Education Community Center to take a sauna. When he came back home, the table was already fully set.

“The helper lady just left.”

“Really? Your father hasn’t come yet?”

“He just called when he was passing by Seoul Arts Center. He will arrive soon. Why don’t you take a shower before they arrive?”

“I took a sauna before coming home.”

“Then change your clothes.”

Young-Eun’s father arrived. He was carrying a box of fruits.

“Please come in. Welcome to our home.”

“I don’t think I can live here even though I got a chance to do so. I knew it was a high-rise building, but it’s too high for me. I feel dizzy.”

“Please have a seat over here.”

“This is very spacious. How large is it?”

“It’s 50 pyung large.”

“It is so big that it looks like a playground. Do you own it or rent it?”

“I bought it.”

“Oh, I see.”

“While they were conversing, Artist Choi and president Shin arrived together.

“Young-Eun!”

“Auntie!”

The two hugged each other. Young-Eun also gave a hug to President Shin.

“Wow, it’s huge. It looks larger than our art gallery. So he bought it, huh?”

“What about me? Am I invisible?”

Young-Eun’s father complained.

“Oh, my brother-in-law. When did you arrive?”

President Shin said hi to Young-Eun’s father as well.

“Hi.”

“Oh, please have a seat.”

Young-Eun started moving the dishes that she prepared with the helper lady from the dining table to the floor table in the living room.

When Gun-Ho stood up to help Young-Eun, Artist Choi grabbed his arm.

“Please stay put, my nephew-in-law. This is women’s work.”

Artist Choi and President Shin then stood up and helped Young-Eun with filling the table with dishes.

Three women and two men sat at the table by making a circle.

“Young-Eun, I don’t believe these are your food. It tastes too good.”

“I got help from the kitchen lady from my hospital.”

“I love this stew.”

They all enjoyed each other’s company while laughing and talking.

Artist Choi drank liquor like she drank water and said, “I now feel so relieved since my Young-Eun married a decent man. I think I can proudly tell your mother that she doesn’t have to worry about you anymore.”

Artist Choi had high alcohol tolerance.

“My brother-in-law! You are satisfied, aren’t you? You now have a very nice son.”

“Yeah, I am.”

“You are getting old, brother-in-law.”

“Not just me. You are getting old too. We are all getting old together.”

Young-Eun’s father seemed to feel great. He kept sipping his liquor while having a smile on his face.

The end of spring and the start of summer.

During this period, the day and night temperature in Jiangnan District fluctuated drastically. During the day, one would sweat buckets in thin clothing, but during the night, one would tremble under even a thick blanket.

Jiangnan College Town.

At 2:30 pm in the afternoon, students should attend classes, and yet Song Shuhang was alone in the dormitory with his laptop set on the desk next to him, allowing him to watch movies while in bed.

Song Shuhang wasn’t someone fond of skipping lessons. The weather yesterday during the first half of the night was extremely hot and stuffy, resulting in him executing a ‘Dragon Roaring Kick’ and making the quilt fly away; in the latter half of the night, the temperature dropped sharply, and Shuhang who only had small underpants on him had suffered. During his sleep, both his hands were strenuously groping about in search for his blanket, but alas, he was unable to find it, shrinking like a shrimp and trembling under the tyrannical cold night wind.

When the sun rose, he had already become a member of the seasonal flu army. His roommate had helped him apply for leave for the day’s lessons; afterwards, he took some cold medicine before sleeping until now.

Although his fever had subsided, his body still felt weak and he was not in a proper state to attend lessons. Therefore, he could only stay in the dormitory alone and watch movies.

On the screen, the movie slowly played on, but Song Shuhang could not focus well on its contents.

“Hasn’t the medicine’s effect faded yet? I’m tired…” he yawned and felt his eyelids getting heavier.

“Beep Beep Beep~” Just then, the chat software on tray on his laptop screen came alive.

This sound was a notification that someone added him as friend or invited him to a group chat.

“Who added me?” Song Shuhang muttered while reaching out and touching the lower right corner of his screen gently. Immediately after, a message prompt popped out.

[True Monarch Yellow Mountain (*****) sends you a friend request.] Additional message: None.

True Monarch Yellow Mountain? Who used such a strange nickname?

‘A classmate I guess?’ Song Shuhang quietly thought and couldn’t help but recall a few of his classmates that were obviously already in university, but seemed to still be in their youth fantasy period. Guessing from their behavior, they would definitely be capable of coming up with such strange nicknames.

After reasoning with himself, he then pressed “Accept”.

Shortly after, another notification popped out.

[True Monarch Yellow Mountain has invited you to join the group ‘Nine Provinces Number One Group, do you accept?]

Song Shuhang accepted once more.

‘Stressed by a Mountain of Books has agreed to join the ‘Nine Provinces Number One Group’.

[You have joined the group chat, do say hello to the other group members! ?] A smiley face was even attached by the system.

Nowadays, chat software was definitely getting more and more human-like.

After a series of notifications, Song Shuhang decided to turn off the notifications and the group chat window— with a sudden surge of drowsiness washing over him, where would he have the strength to care about the chat group he was invited to?

In any case, his default group settings had been set up as [Don’t display notifications, only show group chat message number]. This meant that there would not be any notification prompts disturbing him and only the number of unread messages would be displayed beside the chat.

When he was more clear-headed, he could scroll the chat history to find out what type of chat group he was invited to. Also, the chat history of the members in the group would not disappear.

He felt his eyelids getting heavier…

Despite the movie streaming continuously, Song Shuhang’s consciousness was getting more and more fuzzy.

❄️❄️❄️

Noticing a new member has been added to the Nine Provinces Number One Group, the lurking members emerged.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator: “Did True Monarch Yellow Mountain invite a new fellow friend? Hasn’t it been a year since a new member joined us?”

Another member with the ID of ‘Su Clan’s Seven’ quickly replied, “There’s a new fellow daoist? Is he from Mt Hua? Where’s the immortal cave he’s cultivating in? What’s his dao name? Which stage of cultivation is he at?”

Why did this series of questions sound fishy?

Simultaneously, a user with the ID ‘Thrice Reckless Mad Saber wrote’, “What’s the gender of our new fellow daoist? Are you a fairy? If so, please announce your three sizes and upload a photo!”

Looking at Su Clan’s Seven and Thrice Reckless Mad Saber’s messages, many of the lurking members within the group felt their mouths twitch.

“Brother Thrice Reckless, do you belong to a goldfish species or something?” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator sighed. “What if True Monarch Yellow Mountain had invited another senior? You may bring disaster upon yourself once again!”

Thrice Reckless… this fella was good in every aspect, being a loyal person and eager to help others, thus his relations with others were pretty good—it was just that his uncouth tongue would pack him into life and death situations.

Unfortunately, this fella was so unlucky that it made one have goosebumps. The timing didn’t matter—whenever he was reckless, he had always offended big seniors. These seniors who were all lacking in entertainment would naturally be happy to kill some time by torturing Thrice Reckless Mad Saber who sent himself right to their doorstep.

“I beg you, do not to mention the word ‘big senior’… it is a traumatic experience that still haunts me,” Thrice Reckless Mad Saber sent a row of ???.

Four years ago, he had offended a beautiful ‘big senior’ with his stupid mouth and got tortured really badly… that senior had tormented him non-stop for one year and four months. Yes, that’s right, a total of one year and four months! Thinking back to his extremely inhumane years, his eyes started to tear up.

Just when Thrice Reckless finished talking, the group members all sent a ? one by one—not at all concealing, but instead openly rejoicing at his misfortune.

There were eight members whose status was ‘online’ within the chat, and six of them had sent a sent a row of smiley faces.

“You bunch of schadenfreude as*holes, this lord has remembered every one of you. Don’t even let me meet you, or else I shall let you to have a taste of my Seventy-Two Swift Saber Strikes!” Thrice Reckless Mad Saber grudgingly replied. He was confident in his swift saber and the six fellas who were laughing weren’t his opponents in a one-on-one fight.

Just when Thrice Reckless Mad Saber finished talking, another ? appeared within the group. It was Su Clan’s Seven who sent it.

Shortly after, Su Clan’s Seven excitedly said, “When are we having the duel?”

Evidently, Su Clan’s Seven hadn’t actually wanted to rejoice at his misfortune—he’d just wanted an opponent for a fight.

“…” Thrice Reckless Mad Saber instantly lost his spirit.

Why? Because he couldn’t win against Seven!

He had a profound cultivation base, having reached the late stage of Fifth Stage Spiritual Emperor Realm, just two steps away from becoming a Sixth Stage True Monarch. However, he was unable to defeat Seven.

Despite having his fast and fierce Seventy-Two Swift Saber Strikes, along with a lightning fast footwork , he was still unable to win against him.

He was called mad saber, and even he himself was afraid of his angry self. But even then, he was really no match for Seven!

After seeing Thrice Reckless losing his momentum, the members within the group sent another wave of ???

“…” This time, Thrice Reckless Mad Saber could only depressingly send an ellipsis.

The group was puzzled—despite them making a din for half a day, the newcomer had yet to appear.

“Our new dao friend isn’t speaking?” Northern River Loose Cultivator asked.

Unfortunately, due to the medicine’s effect, Song Shuhang had once again entered a state of being half-sleep .

Just then, Su Clan’s Seven happily sent a message. “I just took a look, our new dao friend is named ‘Stressed by a Mountain of Books’. Has anyone heard of an expert with this dao name? His name seems as if he’s a member of the scholarly faction? It sure makes me look forward to it! After all, the location of that sect is hidden quite well. It has been a few hundred years since I’ve last had a fight with them! Thinking back, fighting them is more pleasurable than dueling buddhist monks. Not only do they have a glib tongue, their punches are powerful too! When they are in the mood, they would also heroically start reciting poems to liven things up, making it multiple times more fun! I love fighting with them the most.”

“Seven, are your expectations towards new dao friends only limited to having fun fighting with them?” Reckless Mad Saber sent a ?. This was basically an evil tyrant’s way of doing things!

“Erm.” Su Clan seven was slightly embarrassed.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator said, “Could it be another ‘big senior’ that is unacquainted with such chat software??”

Having said that, apparently several people found this scene familiar?

That’s right, about four years ago there was another senior that came out after hundreds years of closed-door cultivation and only managed to open the messaging application with great difficulty. Then, she was invited by True Monarch Yellow Mountain into the group. However, she did not send any messages as she didn’t know how to type.

Afterwards, a fella named Thrice Reckless Mad Saber happily teased this big senior and requested for her three sizes, photos, voice chat, and such.

Subsequently.. a few days later, Thrice Reckless Mad Saber personally met this senior. She was very beautiful, as dazzling as the bright moon in the night sky.

Then, this alluring senior had tortured Thrice Reckless Mad Saber for one year and four months before she was perfectly satisfied and left.

Thrice Reckless Mad Saber was instantly overwhelmed and fell silent.

“Yellow Mountain?” Just then, someone with the ID ‘Medicine Master’ sent a message.

An unfathomable short message.

Luckily, everyone in the chat had long become accustomed to Medicine Master sending short messages—he was asking where True Monarch Yellow Mountain was.

The reason Medicine Master sent short messages wasn’t due to his lofty personality, but because he used only two fingers and handwriting pad to type, therefore his speed was extremely slow. Also, there was a higher chance of making typos in a long text, plus deleting and writing anew was simply painful. Therefore, Medicine Master had a habit of only sending short messages. Over time, Medicinal Master was then labeled as someone whose words were as rare as gold when he communicated with the rest.

“He went offline immediately after sending the invitation. Apparently, his darling monster dog had angrily ran away from his house again and True Monarch Yellow Mountain went to chase him. Taking care of that precious monster dog and coming online to add him to the group sure isn’t an easy task for True Monarch, he’s definitely super busy right now,” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator replied.

Medicine Master: ”…”

“We can only wait for the new dao friend to learn to use the chat software,” Su Clan’s seven sighed . They were all biased, thinking the new member was one of them.

The few members online weren’t entertained looking at how unresponsive the new dao friend was and went offline one after another.

❄️❄️❄️

Around an hour later, Song Shuhang gradually woke up.

“I think someone had invited me to a group earlier on, the chat room’s name was… Nine Provinces Group?” He muttered quietly while opening the chat software; a window containing the chat room of Nine Provinces group popped up.

What exactly was this group?

Quickly, the chat history from an hour ago appeared before him.

Song Shuhang briefly skimmed through the messages.

Dao friend? Cave dwelling? Which stage of cultivation is he at?

There’s also seniors, True Monarch, this lord? Chasing after huge monster dog?

Different kinds of vocabulary coming out straight from Xianxia novels were used.

The way they spoke was also interesting—half ancient half modern, half plain and half serpentine. It gave the feeling of modern people attempting to converse using ancient dialects but their fundamentals in old language falling short, making it awkward while communicating.

“Pu~~” Song Shuhang laughed.

Looks like this was a group created for Xianxia enthusiasts?

Oh wait, this was absolutely not a normal Xianxia fan group!

Everyone within the group had picked a dao name for themselves and their dwelling was called a cultivation cave, while the administrator’s missing house pet had to be described as a huge monster dog that ran away from home. Not only that, some even professed to have not fought a member of scholarly faction for more than a century. In other words, those people were claiming that they’ve lived several hundred years or so?

Just by looking at this chat log brought about a feeling of shame and embarrassment.

‘This degree of infatuation has already reached the degree of suffering from chuunibyou . Ah, right, they’re a group specific to traditional Chinese xianxia,’ Song Shuhang secretly concluded.

It seemed that it was probably a gathering of chuunibyou fellas.

This was the first impression he had of the members in ‘Nine Provinces Number One Group’.

However, why would he be invited by them?

Song Shuhang was certain that True Monarch Yellow Mountain was not a classmate he knew and neither did he recognize him after looking at his profile.

Was he added by mistake?



“Young Teacher Zhao, don’t you know that you can shock a person to death?” Since Yang Ming realized Zhao Ying already discovered that he was having some perverted thoughts, he may as well let loose. “You could have shocked me until I developed erectile dysfunction! If I can’t find a wife, who’s fault is it?”

Erectile dysfunction? When she heard this term, Zhao Ying’s face turned red as a big fresh apple. What kind of student is this? He can speak about anything!

However, when Zhao Ying saw how serious Yang Ming was, she remembered her biology class during her university days. She remembered hearing that a man may get erectile dysfunction if he was shocked while he had an erection! To comfort Yang Ming, Zhao Ying helplessly said, “If you can’t find a wife, I will introduce girls to you.”

“But even if you introduce girls to me, they wouldn’t want to be with me if they know that I have a problem in that area!” teased Yang Ming as he noticed that Zhao Ying actually took it seriously.

“…” Zhao Ying hadn’t really thought about this and at this time, she didn’t have a way to refute his response. She was also concerned with how Yang Ming would waste his time thinking about these things, so she said impulsively, “If that’s really the case, I will marry you then!”

A little girl is still a little girl! Even though she’s a teacher who’s older than me by a few years, her thinking is still so naive. I say a few words and she said she would marry me. If Jin Gang had half of my talent, taking Zhao Ying out for a meal would be a piece of cake! Yang Ming thought proudly.

“How dare you joke with your teacher!?” retorted Zhao Ying as she saw a smirk on Yang Ming’s face.

“I’m not really. I am just happy because I don’t have to worry about not having a wife in the future. If my mom knew that I found a pretty girl as my wife, she would be so happy!” Yang Ming said innocently.

Zhao Ying collapsed. Is it me, myself, who was not suited to be a teacher, or is it Yang Ming, himself, who was not suited to be a student? Why is it that every time I speak to him it feels like I am falling into a trap?

Even though Yang Ming had his fantasy about Zhao Ying last time, he wouldn’t have said it out loud. However, a huge part of the reason he dared to speak of it today was due to the special power that he had obtained. His confidence had exploded ever since that discovery.

At this time, the school was already pitch-black. The only lit buildings were the houses surrounding the school. As Yang Ming and Zhao Ying walked on the field, since Yang Ming was taller than Zhao Ying by a head, they looked like a couple who was taking a walk in the park.

Zhao Ying had also noticed that it was a bit inappropriate after a few steps, therefore, she walked faster. However, Yang Ming easily caught up to her. She sped up again yet Yang Ming still followed her closely.

Not long after that, Zhao Ying was so tired that she had to slow down.

“Young Teacher Zhao, are you okay? Are you practicing for a marathon?” Yang Ming knew why Zhao Ying was doing this, but he pretended not to know.

“Marathon!?” Zhao Ying almost fainted. I don’t even plan to join the Olympics, why would I practice for a marathon? How can he even think this kind of nonsense?

“Isn’t it?” Yang Ming followed up.

“No, I was feeling a bit cold, so I wanted to go back sooner!” said Zhao Ying as she turned her eyes away from him.

“Oh.” Yang Ming nodded his head, took off his jacket and put it on Zhao Ying.

Zhao Ying was stunned for a moment but then, she felt a sense of warmth in her heart. Ever since she came to this city by herself, it had been a while since someone showed such care for her like this. Occasionally, there were some flies who wanted to give her flowers, however, she hadn’t felt any act of kindness like this in the city thus far.

Actually, she can’t really complain about those flies. It was Zhao Ying, herself, that had never given them an opportunity to shine!

“Thank you.” Zhao Ying said softly. Even though she’s a teacher and an adult, after removing all these facades, she was still a little girl who required others’ care.

“Ah?” Yang Ming was just playing along with her. He didn’t realize that an unintentional act would make Zhao Ying thank him. Therefore, he said courageously, “I am a man. Protecting pretty girls is my responsibility.”

“Hehe, what man? Still a small boy!” Zhao Ying laughed after she saw his action.

“Not that small anymore…” Yang Ming wanted to say that his part “down there” wasn’t that small, but then he remembered that this was a teacher. The jokes can’t go overboard or else it would really have the opposite effect.

“Alright. I will consider you as a man, but you are still not as old as me!” Zhao Ying laughed because she did not realize he intended it to mean something else.

“Young Teacher Zhao?” Yang Ming asked suddenly.

“Yeah?” Zhao Ying replied.

“Can I call you sister in the future?” Yang Ming actually had a plan. After reading so many novels online, he would have been a disgrace to the pickup community if he couldn’t even take this basic step. First, sister; then, lover; lastly, wife. Initially, Yang Ming had never thought these things were possible in reality but now that he could obtain a special power, what more was impossible?

“This…” Zhao Ying didn’t know that Yang Ming would come up with this request. She remembered a lesson from educational psychology, which stated that a closer psychological distance between student and teacher would help with the student’s growth. After a bit of hesitation, she said, “Alright, but only when it’s just the two of us! If you say that in class, I am going to stop caring about you!”

After Zhao Ying finished saying that, she realized it sounded a bit off. Her tone sounded like she was flirting with a lover. Ah, I hope he didn’t hear that tone!

How could Yang Ming not realize Zhao Ying’s flirtatious tone? However, he didn’t point it out. Good things come slowly. Chasing after a teacher required him to take it step by step. If he was in too much of a hurry, she would have become defensive instead.

“Understood, pretty sister!” Yang Ming said cheerfully.

“Remove the other word!” laughed Zhao Ying.

“Yes, pretty!” Yang Ming said seriously.

“Not sister, but pretty!” Zhao Ying replied.

“Yeah, I know. You are pretty,” said Yang Ming.

“I mean – the word I want you to remove is not ‘sister’, but ‘pretty’!” said Zhao Ying slightly irked.

“Ah, you could have said so earlier! Pretty sister, removing pretty,” said Yang Ming pretending to finally understand her.

“…” Zhao Ying silently chanted. Don’t be angry. Don’t be angry. Life is like a movie. If you are sick, no one can replace you…
